where is the river thames river located that has the government position title minister of food?
who was the attorney general that started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board and also served as the federal reserve board's attorney general?
what movie starring robert pattinson was released to blu-ray disc?
what country was ruled by paul von hindenburg and was the political appointer that appointed adolf hitler to a governmental position?
who was the vice president to whom leonard bernstein dedicated his work?
what river flows through french broad river?
what did mark twain do for a living?
what other inventions were made by the inventor of the thomas edison4?
who was the politician that was appointed by ronald reagan and was involved in the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the switzerlander laufhund breed?
who played darth vader in the movie with crew member scott mccarthy?
what is the best place to go to see the place where the batman : la fugue ride is located?
where did the owner of the ship ecstasea live?
what type of government does the area affected by the cyclone tropical depression two-e have?
what city is the university of auburn in that is located in lee county?
what is there to do in houston that opened after nov 26, 1987?
what english language show did henry winkler produce?
what language is spoken in israel and the fictional buffyverse universe?
where did the subject of the film  the boy king '' go to school?
what was the latest movie quentin tarantino starred in?
what was the job of the speaker at the march on washington for jobs and freedom?
what language is part of the jamaican creole language family?
what tv show shot in new york has the longest episode run time?
what midwestern united states state is home to point place?
what continent is the country that uses the south african pound located on?
which states does the river under the desolo bridge pass through?
what is the official language of norway?
what movie starring regina hall that had vernon reid as the music?
what movie starring taylor lautner that debra zane was the film casting director?
what was the first van halen album?
what louisiana state university basketball team did shaquille o'neal play for?
who was marriage to judy garland and was the subject of the film the princess and the pirate?
what is the political system in the country where nigerian breweries star beer is made?
what is there to do in mecklenburg county, north carolina?
what movie starring jenna dewan that had costumes designed by durinda wood?
what movie filmed in new york city did omar epps play in?
what movie directed by scott scott did ian somerhalder play in?
what movie directed by scott scott did ian somerhalder play in?
what is the capital city of the place where the fictional character sunstreak lived?
when did the team captain dustin brown last win the stanley cup?
when did the team captain dustin brown last win the stanley cup?
what airport does airtran airlines fly into?
which politician, who was appointed by baron de montesquie, was influenced by thomas jefferson?
what state does the mississippi river pass through?
what other inventions did the person who said  thomas edison2 '' invent?
which of the kennedy family members died first?
what movie did tom cruise play in endless love?
what music was composed by ludwig van beethoven and was featured in the film shadow of the stars?
what religion was the public speaker who spoke about the berlin wall a part of?
what movie starring j.j. abrams was set in germany?
who is the president of the country that has azad kashmir?
what is the name of the mascot of the organization led by nicholas s. zeppos?
what country borders bolivia and contains gois?
who is the head coach of the team owned by steve bisciotti?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem ee mungu nguvu yetu?
what currency is used in the country with rift valley province?
when was the last time the new york yankees won the world series?
what type of government does the country with national anthem god bless fiji have?
who is the current leader of the country where the tv show the bride with white hair was filmed?
what currency is used in the country with kronoberg county?
where does héctor camacho live in the utc05:00:00 time zone?
what state with a capital named columbia is the university of south carolina located in?
what languages are spoken in the country whose capital is belgium0?
what religions in canada follow the bible?
where did the illustrator of the book  feu de joie '' live?
what state has a capital named st. louis and the missouri river?
where is the giza necropolis located that appointed hosni mubarak to a governmental position?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem la bayamesa?
what type of government is used in the country that uses the chilean peso?
what language is spoken in the country that uses afghan afghani as currency?
what are the team colors of the team with mascot named big red?
where is the university with south carolina gamecocks men's basketball team located?
what religion in australia has a type of place of worship called chapel?
what country does sean parnell run for government in?
what type of government is used in the country with national anthem le mali?
the country with the national anthem koste seselwa is located in what continent?
when did the houston rockets win the championship?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem of russia?
what country that has dioncounda traor as a governmental office holder has the niger river flowing through it?
what country speaks welsh and has edinburgh as its capital?
what airport is closest to the city with the national anthem sons and daughters of saint lucia?
what continent is the country with the capital of san jose located in?
what team with mascot named sir saint did reggie bush play for in 2010?
what was the occupation of the famous person who attended the luitpold gymnasium?
what was the occupation of the famous person who went to albert einstein0?
who is the current leader of the country where national people's congress is?
who is the guitarist on the jonas brothers2 concert tour?
who is the artist who went on the look me in the eyes tour?
where did galileo galilei live in the grand duchy of toscany?
what religion in canada has a type of place of worship called chapel?
what currency is used in the country that imports from zimbabwe?
the country that has the national anthem there is a lovely country is located in what continent?
what countries in the niger river basin are in the greenwich mean time zone?
where is the team with the mascot named pittsburgh steelers?
who played darth vader in the film with a character named scott?
what is the official language of the country that contains n3grd county?
who started the ford mexico holdings inc company?
what is the political system in the country with national anthem bilady, bilady, bilady?
what time zone is the state whose capital is jefferson city in?
what amusement park in barcelona opened after 1900?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that appointed georges pompidou to a governmental position?
in what years did the team owned by tom gores win the championship?
where is midlothian located, and the pitcairn islands?
what type of government does the country with the capital of suva have?
what is the name of the mascot of the peabody college?
what is the official language of the country that has national people's congress?
what are the basic beliefs of islam?
which politician, who influenced watt whitman, ended his/her government position the earliest?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem of the republic of china?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem scotland the brave?
what team with mascot named t.d. did reggie bush play for in 2010?
where is the university with the daily gamecock newspaper located?
what type of government does the country that has mnögovi province have?
what country borders chile in the utc05:00:00 time zone?
what religion in the united kingdom has a sacred site named safed?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem du gamla, du fria?
what zoo in washington, d.c. opened first?
what religion in australia has the book of nehemiah as its text?
in what years did the team coached by kevin mchale win the championship?
what currency is used in the country that contains tunisia?
on what continent is the country whose national anthem is  land of the free '' located?
what arabic language speaking country has ray as its capital?
who was the person who once lived in cholame?
what amusement park in sydney opened earliest and is a fun place to do?
who is the head coach of the team whose fight song is  seven nation army ''?
where is the location of the university with the mascot university of south carolina cocky?
what country with the capital of baghdad speaks arabic language?
when was the last time the los angeles raiders won the super bowl?
what german speaking country has a capital city named bonn?
what team with the fight song skol, vikings did warren moon play for in 2010?
what currency is used in the country with santiago de cuba province?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem shche ne vmerla ukraina?
where is the film  stand by me '' set?
when did los angeles lakers win their first championship?
where is the sports team whose fight song is  pittsburgh steelers polka '' located?
where did bob dylan live in the central time zone?
what religion in the united kingdom has harmandir sahib as a sacred site?
what country contains the giza necropsy and is the location of the cairo city?
what religions follow the bible as the bible?
when was the last championship won by the team that won the 1987 nba finals?
where is the giza necropsy located and the location appointed mohamed morsi to a governmental position?
who is the current president of the country that has balochistan?
what sports team owned by paul g. allen family foundation did warren moon play for?
what is the name of the mascot of the university where ryan rote graduated?
on what continent is the country with the capital of belmopan located?
when was the last time the new york yankees won the world series?
where did the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend. '' die?
what country speaks welsh and was ruled by george ii of great britain?
what is the mascot of the university that has the yale bulldogs men's basketball team?
what currency is used in the country that has kiev?
who owns envi?
what team with the fight song the victors did tom brady play for in 2012?
what country with a capital named paris did pablo picasso '' -u live in?
what is the name of the mascot of the yale center for british art?
what movie starring rihanna that has a character named samantha?
what religion in the united kingdom has chapel as a place of worship?
what country did james cook come from that has edinburgh as its capital?
what amusement park in sydney opened after 2006?
what country speaks arabic language and uses the saudi arabia riyal as its currency?
what state has a capital named denver and littleton?
where does joey king live that was the location where the tv show the stand was filmed?
what country is the location of the filming of the stand and is the home of joey king?
who influenced antoni gaud and designed red house?
what is the name of the mascot of the organization led by rick levin?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion that worships at yavuz sultan selim mosque?
who is the current president of the country that uses the pakistani rupee?
what character did the actor who attended makoura college play in despicable me?
when did the houston rockets win the championship?
what is the person who once lived in the white house famous for?
where is the country that contains copenhagen located?
which country speaks arabic language and contains ajman?
what currency is used in the country with oranjestad as its capital?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that uses the cfp franc?
what country with the capital of conakry does the niger river flow through?
what is the motto of the state with capital city named frankfort?
where is midlothian, a country with dependencies and territories?
what language is spoken in the country that has al sharqia governorate?
where is the illinois river located that has jim edgar as a governmental office holder?
what country borders bolivia and has pope francis as its leader?
what did the person who once lived in cambrian park die of?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem humat al-hima?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem tin quân ca?
what athletes have played in the country that uses kenyan shilling?
what religion in the united kingdom has eve as a notable figure?
who started the organization that william clay ford motor company, jr. is part of?
what language is spoken in the country that uses the guyanese dollar currency?
who inspired the architect who designed bellesguard?
what type of government is used in the country that uses the fijian dollar?
what did the person who went to jeremiah e burke high school die of?
what is the name of the train station in the location that appointed dianne feinstein to a governmental position?
what airport is closest to the country where soufrière is located?
what is the latest structure established in washington, d.c. to see?
what year did the famous person who went to emsley a. laney high school get drafted?
what team with a mascot named stamford the lion did didier drogba play for in 2010?
what country with the capital of cairo is the giza necropolis located?
what country with the capital of beijing is the country where standard tibetan is a spoken language?
what is the official language of the country that has national people's congress?
what currency is used in the country that contains trelawny parish?
who was the president of france in 2011 that held his governmental position from after november 12, 2007?
what currency is used in the country with kwazulu-natal?
what is there to do in the pacific time zone in seattle, washington?
what language is spoken in the country that uses the bahamas dollar?
where is the sports team owned by the rooney family located?
what team owned by alisher usmanov did santi cazorla play for?
what language is spoken in the country that has east berbice-core?
what is the capital city of the state that has tallahassee?
what famous people were in the country that has kenya0?
what team that won the super bowl xliv championship did reggie bush play for in 2010?
where is the country whose national anthem is imperial anthems of the ottoman empire located?
what currency is used in the country with kef governorate?
where is the currency used in the country that uses ottoman lira?
what is the name of the mascot of the yale university with jonathan edwards college?
what type of government does the country that contains northern division, fiji have?
what type of government does the country that contains central division, fiji have?
where is the film  stand by me '' set?
what religion with notable figure named ali is in australia?
what country bordering bolivia uses the argentina peso?
what central time zone location did the battle of shiloh take place?
what type of government does the country that contains tarapac region have?
what country does the person who once lived in the white house belong to?
where is the team whose fight song is  renegade '' located?
what team owned by roman abramovich didier drogba play for in 2010?
which north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country contains francesland?
on what continent is the country that uses the belgium dollar?
when was the last time the orioles won the world series?
what team that won the super bowl xliv championship did reggie bush play for in 2010?
where does bob dylan live in the eastern time zone?
what religion in the united kingdom believes in the virgin birth of jesus?
what are the government bodies in the state with jefferson city as its capital?
what currency is used in the country with nairobi province?
who was the earliest draft pick of the cleveland browns?
what did the person who went to los banos high school die of?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem noble patria, tu hermosa bandera?
who is the guitarist of the band that went on the jonas brothers world tour 2009?
what religion in canada believes in mahdi?
who did the team owned by none2 draft?
in what years did the champion of the 1989 nba finals win the championship?
what year did the champion of the 2004 nba finals win the championship?
who played darth vader in the movie with a character named savage?
the country that contains puntarenas province is located where?
what country speaks arabic language and uses the saudi arabia riyal as its currency?
what currency is used in the country that has airport that serves nijmegen?
what is the person who attended noelani elementary school known for?
which country speaks arabic language and contains ajman?
where did the illustrator of the book de mémoire d'homme : poème live?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion with muhammad in islam?
what is the capital city of the country with the cherifian anthem?
what instrument did the person who went to henry d. perry middle school play?
what is there to do in seattle, washington, washington that opened after 1899?
what type of art did the person who went to willem ii college do?
where is the giza necropsy located and the location appointed mohamed morsi to a governmental position?
what country uses arabic language and uses the lebanese pound?
what is the holy book of the religion that worships the grotto-heavens?
what years did the sports team owned by arsene wenger win the fa cup?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live in the central european time zone?
who is the head coach of the team whose fight song is  the baltimore fight song ''?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has rosen plvneliev as a government official?
what industry does the organization led by tony nicely operate in?
what currency is used in the country with capital named san juan?
what team with the fight song  when the saints go marching in '' did reggie bush play for in 2010?
the country that has the national anthem noble patria, tu hermosa bandera is located in what continent?
what type of government does the country with the capital of santiago have?
when did the team owned by leslie alexander win the championship?
who started the organization that john g. parker led?
what movie starring lucy hale did lucy hale play in?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem of south africa?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion with ali as a notable figure?
what team owned by serena williams did reggie bush play for?
what type of government does the location that appointed vladimir putin to a governmental position have?
what country has the national anthem bilady, bilady, bilady and exports to sudan?
what religion in canada has mecca as a sacred site?
what countries does the country with the capital of sucre border?
what religion in the united kingdom has places of worship called churches?
what german speaking country has a government official named milo zeman?
what country with the capital of edinburgh is midlothian?
what currency is used in the country with krasnodar krai?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has sofia as its capital?
who is the governor of the state whose capital is nashville?
what currency is used in the country with government official named thabo mbeki?
when was the last time george steinbrenner's sports team won the world series?
in what years did the champion of the 1989 nba finals win the championship?
what country bordering bolivia has buenos aires as its capital?
on what continent is the country that contains haifa district located?
who played leia organaa in leia organa0?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem sa'idi arabic0?
what team with mascot named pat patriot did tom brady play for in 2012?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has an airport that serves kleve?
what team owned by jimmy buffett did reggie bush play for?
what is the league of the team with mascot named indianapolis colts blue?
what religion in australia believes in the virgin birth of jesus?
what is the name of the mascot of the university where ryan rote graduated?
what religion in australia has a sacred site named kushinagar?
what sports team owned by farhad moshiri did santi cazorla play for?
what country with the capital of cairo is the giza necropolis located?
on what continent is the country that contains northern district located?
what is the official language of the country that uses renminbi as its currency?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what character did the actor who went to breakwater school play in lord of the rings?
what type of government does the country that contains khentii province have?
on what continent is the country that contains stann creek district located?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that uses the euro as currency?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem lofsngur?
what country speaks arabic language in the eastern time zone?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
what year did the cleveland browns draft joe thomas?
what country bordering bolivia has brazilia as its capital?
who voiced chucky in child's play?
where does héctor camacho live in the eastern time zone?
when was the last time the raiders won the super bowl?
what language is spoken in the country that imports from pakistan?
what is the mascot of the university with thomas r. gold as a grad student?
who played darth vader in the movie with a character named savage?
who was the person who said  forgive your enemies, but never forget their names '' and had john f. kennedy's sexual relationship with?
what character did the actor who attended napanee district secondary school play in over the hedge?
when was the last time peter angelos'team won the world series?
where is the home of the famous person who attended usher0?
what is the name of the train station in the city that hosted the 1960 summer olympics?
who is the current leader of the country that uses the renminbi as its currency?
what is the name of the mascot of the peabody college?
what children's literature did the author of  none2 '' write?
what are the practices of the abrahamic religions?
what currency is used in the country with moscow?
what is the ethnicity of the person who attended danny jones middle school?
what movie did the artist who had a concert tour named r tour play in?
who was the person who went to edward devotion school with?
what country has a national anthem called flower of scotland and is the official language of that country?
what movie starring lucy hale that sidney precott played in?
who did the cleveland browns draft after none2?
what is there to do in the area where the 2002 winter olympics was held?
what german speaking country that has an airport that serves nijmegen?
what country has the national people's congress and is the governmental jurisdiction where the standard tibetan is?
where is the place that has a train terminus named san francisco4?
what team owned by robert kraft did tom brady play for in 2012?
what country did james cook come from that appointed george i of great britain to a governmental position?
what is the capital city of the country that has driss jettou as a government official?
what languages are spoken in the country with national anthem brabanonne?
what years did ivan gazidis play in the fa cup?
what country speaks walesian and has the capital dolwyddelan?
what movies did the person who attended education institution none0 star in?
what countries border the country with the national anthem of bolivia?
what team that won super bowl vii championship did reggie bush play for?
what religion with notable figure named richard hooker is practiced in australia?
what are some things to do in madrid in the central european time zone?
what year did the famous person who went to emsley a. laney high school get drafted?
what countries does the country that uses bolivian boliviano border?
when was the last time the team with the mascot named the oriole bird win the world series?
what team with the fight song i'm shipping up to boston did tom brady play for in 2012?
what language is spoken in the country with antonis samaras as a government official?
what is the type of government where anwar sadat holds a governmental office?
what country in the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) is in eastern european time zone?
who is the current leader of the country where national people's congress is?
what country borders bolivia and has the society of jesus '' -g?
what airport is closest to the capital city of castries?
who played darth vader in the film with a character named scott?
who did the team whose fight song is  none0 '' draft?
who is the current president of the country whose capital is islamabad?
what arabic language speaking country was the filming location of the tv show zola levitt presents?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem aruba dushi tera?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem march on, bahamaland?
what airport is closest to the location of the vieux fort quarter?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has an airport that serves nijmegen?
what is the name of the attraction in washington, d.c. that was the location where the tv show the night strangler was filmed?
what german speaking country that contains aarhus county?
what currency is used in the country with cherkasy oblast?
what famous people were in the country that has kenya0?
what religion in the united kingdom believes in sasra?
what players played in the national anthem kenya0?
what team won super bowl iv championship did warren moon play for?
what is the religious text of the religion with notable figure zhang jue?
what is the religious belief of wu wei?
what is there to do in barcelona that was built after 1882?
what country has gansu and is the main tibetan speaking country?
what school with mascot named griffin did helen keller attend?
what currency is used in the country with saint ann parish?
what countries do the nigeria river flow through?
what is the official language of the location where the tv show the bride with white hair was filmed?
who inspired the architect who designed casa vicens?
who was the first president of france in 2011?
who influenced walt whitman and had a condition called strabismus?
what team that won super bowl vii championship did reggie bush play for?
when did the team with mascot named hooper win the championship?
what country contains the giza necropolis and has the cairo governorate?
where did the architect who designed poplar forest die?
who influenced walt whitman and was the person who had smallpox?
what is the official language of the country whose national anthem is jamaica, land we love?
what german speaking country uses the danish krone?
what religion in australia has a sacred site named lumibini?
what country bordering bolivia has eastern catholic churches?
what religion in canada believes in the virgin birth of jesus?
what country is the location where the show  the bride with white hair '' was filmed?
what team with mascot named t.d. did reggie bush play for in 2010?
what languages are spoken in the country with national anthem of chile?
where did kaká live in the utc03:00 time zone?
who is the current none0 of the jurisdiction where jeb bush was appointed to a governmental position?
what state with a capital named nashville did the battle of shiloh take place?
who was the president of france in 2011 that held his governmental position from after november 12, 2007?
where was the capital of bursa located?
who is the current president of the european parliament?
what language is spoken in the country that produces retsina wine?
who was the first maryland senator?
what are the basic beliefs of islam?
what team owned by jimmy buffett did reggie bush play for?
what country speaks arabic language in the eastern time zone?
what language is spoken in the country that exports fruit and tree nut farming?
what religion in canada has the book of nehemiah as its text?
what currency is used in the country where the khoekhoe language is spoken?
what country borders bolivia and has the senate of chile?
what sports team founded after 1908 did ronaldinho play for?
on what continent is belgium brewing co. belikin beer produced?
what currency is used in the country where jamaican english is spoken?
what amusement park in sydney has the big dipper ride?
what is the profession of the subject of the movie  a star named ayrton senna ''?
what is the official language of the country where harbin beer is made?
who was marriage0 to the author of  none00? ?
who was marriage0 to the author of  the saga of a young girl ''?
what movie starring lucy hale that had a prequel called  another cinderella story? ?
what did the actor who played in the film limp bizkit : rock in the park 2001 do?
who influenced william shakespeare and died in Constanța?
who was the first president of the afl?
which of the harry potter movies was released first?
which of the harry potter movies was released first?
who influenced william shakespeare to write poetry and was influenced by giovanni pico della mirandola?
what us state has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after 1939 and includes the university of south carolina?
who was vice president under the secretary of defense for personnel and readiness?
which countries have calling codes greater than 972 and speak arabic language?
what is there to do in the area where the staten island register is circulated?
what country does the government of egypt export to?
what is the latest structure to open in salt lake city, tx?
what language is spoken in the country that has the parliament of finnish?
who was the vice president when the audacity of hope was published?
who was the artist nominated for  jonas brothers0 ''?
what movie directed by tom vaughan did miley cyrus star in?
what movie did emma frost play in?
where does the actor who played tab lazenby live now?
what sports team founded after didier drogba0 did didier drogba play for?
what is the official language of the country where desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer is made?
who is the actor that played the character robert downey jr.0's wife?
what instrument does the composer of  sands theme '' play?
when was abraham lincoln inaugurated?
what is the official language of the governmental jurisdiction where wu xiaoling holds a governmental office?
who influenced walt whitman and adam mikkiewicz?
what county is the sacramento news & review circulated in?
what movie starring alyson stoner has a sequel named garfield : a tail of two kitties?
what is the latest movie that lucy hale has been in?
when was abraham lincoln earliest inauguration?
what organization founded after june 31, 2003 did roosevelt murdoch own?
what time zone is the governmental jurisdiction that has the position title minneapolis attorney general in?
who was the president of france in 2012 that ended his/her government position latest?
what state has the secretary of state of colorado and is home to littleton?
what is there to do in seattle, washington?
who is the member of the jonas brothers?
what killed the actor who played whitney houston0?
where did the actor who played in the film  elvis presley : the story of a young girl '' grow up?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position prime minister of hungary?
who is the current president of the country where santa fe beer factory luna llena beer is made?
what language is spoken in the area where the newspaper akher saa is circulated?
what is the official language of the governmental jurisdiction where china0 of the people's republic of china is located?
who is the actor that played the character sara goldfarb?
what language is spoken in chile and sesame street?
what structure in sydney opened after 1932?
which team for which didier drogba played in 2010 was founded first?
what currency is used where the swedish riksdaler is used?
where did the actor who played the character roger moore0 live?
what currency is used in the location where the movie  the last leprechaun '' takes place?
who influenced arthur miller to become a writer, and said  o brave new world, that has such people in 't! ?
what team did the actor who played in the film golden shoes play for in 2010?
what type of art did the school of athens do?
what movie starring lucy hale that mae whitman played in?
what is the capital of the country where brasseries de marocablanca beer is made?
what country ruled by hamad bin khalifa al thani speaks arabic language?
what language is spoken in both guyana and the fictional tortall universe?
what religion in canada has huldrych zwingli as a founding figure?
what movie starring liam hemsworth that was cast by adam scott?
what county is the governmental jurisdiction where jerry t. belton holds a governmental office?
what religion with religious text named islam is a religious text?
what city was the birthplace of the actor who played bob dylan and is also the home of bob dylan?
what is there to do in florida that held the united states senate election in 2010?
what language is spoken by the navajo indians and is also found in the fictional tortall universe?
what county is the chowchilla city council member in?
who influenced arthur miller?
which tv shows with more than 2 seasons did joey lawrence play in?
who was elizabeth taylor marriage to?
what country speaks welsh and has norn as a spoken language?
what is the location of the movie  catching trouble '' and is a place to visit in florida?
what natural history subjects did darwin and his great discovery?
what is the official language of the circulation area of the newspaper reference news?
what currency is used in the area where the daily nation newspaper is circulated?
what is there to do in the area where the government is called government and politics of seattle?
what university with the largest number of postgraduates did theodor schwann attend?
what time zone is the governmental jurisdiction where david m. louie holds office?
which politician, who was appointed earliest, influenced walton whitman?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country produces the beer netherlands0?
which person who influenced watson started his political career the earliest?
what school did helen keller attend that was founded after 1886?
which person who influenced roy lichtenstein died first?
what currency is used in the country with government official named zine el abidine ben ali?
what is the capital of the location where the movie  kundun '' takes place?
what is the title of the court where judge samuel chase is a judge?
what movie starring lucy hale that had costumes designed by scott mccarthy?
who is the current president of the country where the gull dong breed originated?
what country ruled by george ii of the united kingdom speaks welsh?
what is the oldest sports team that cristiano ronaldo played for in 2010?
what county is the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position mayor of minneapolis?
what currency is used in the government of puerto rico?
what state has the official symbol of a spotted salamander and is where the university of south carolina is located?
what continent is denmark located on?
who is the current leader of china 2011?
who played kirk?
who does liv tyler play in lord of the rings?
what is there to do in bennelong point, sydney?
what movie starring liam hemsworth was released in buenos aires?
who played jason morgan on general hospital?
who is the governor of the government of tennessee?
what is the ethnicity of the actor who played in the movie  arwin! ?
what movie starring liam hemsworth that had music by brian tyler?
what language is spoken in the country where macedonian thrace brewery vergina premium lager beer is made?
what country that is a member of north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) has a speaker who spoke about this topic?
what is the official language of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhu jiang beer is made?
where is the film  stand by me '' set?
where did laura ingalls wilder live?
who influenced william shakespeare and was buried in westminster abbey?
what is the official language of the country with government official named zeng peiyan?
what country bordering bolivia has an internet top level domain of py?
what type of music did the subject of the film michael jackson's this is it sing?
what currency is used in the country where kenya breweries tusker premium lager beer is made?
what currency is used in the country with coat of arms of south africa?
what country uses the south african rand as its currency and has what coat of arms?
who influenced arthur miller and lucian?
what are the names of the judges who serve in the court with the title chief justice of the united states?
what character did the artist nominated for  over the hedge '' play in  over the hedge ''?
what time zone is the area where the newspaper gambit is circulated?
which countries speak arabic language, and were involved in the military conflict, iraq6?
where did the subject of the film  i'm not there '' live?
what country has the official symbol of the animal emblem and is where midlothian is located?
who was the person that said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend? ?
what team with a roster named free safety did reggie bush play for?
what currency is used in the country where jmtlands bryggeri hell beer is made?
who played darth vader in the movie with the image  star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ''?
what country has the official symbol of unicorn and is where midlothian is?
what movie starring lucy hale that had costumes designed by debra mcguire?
who is the wife of the actor who played in the movie  yucatan ''?
what arabic language speaking country where the fictional character pwt was born?
what country has the official symbol of floral emblem and is where midlothian is located?
who influenced andy warhol, and died after november 25, 1989?
what are the notable athletes from the country where kenya breweries tusker premium lager beer is made?
what character did the actor who played the character shrek 2 play in?
where was the actor who played in the film high school phenoms raised?
who inspired walt whitman to become a writer?
where did the author of  the prince '' live?
where is the illinois river located that had the earliest adapted symbol of a river?
what movie starring sam shepard that was filmed in fargo?
who is the president of the country where seraiki language is spoken?
where is the giza necropolis located and the siwi language spoken?
what actors played in the area where the newspaper  daily nation '' is circulated?
what country speaks german and has rusyn as a spoken language?
what language is spoken in indonesia and the fictional buffyverse universe?
what team did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010 that was founded after 1902?
what type of art was created by the person who said  a good picture is equivalent to a good deed ''?
what countries does the country where the bolivian peso is used share borders with?
what did the actor who played in the film  you don 't know jack '' do?
what is jonathan swift known for?
what movie starring miley cyrus that denise chamian was the casting director of?
what language is spoken in the bahamas and is the main language of great britain?
what currency is used in the country with the coat of arms of mexico?
what was the subject of the film  albert einstein2 '' famous for?
who is the current leader of the country that has a position called secretary of state for human rights of france?
who influenced anatolian gaudi and died after 1896-10-3?
where did the person who said  helen keller0 '' go to school?
what is the political system where el gouna beverage co. sakara gold beer is made?
what type of government is used in the place where the dogo argentino breed originated?
what country did james cook come from that was ruled by george ii of the united kingdom?
where is the illinois river located, and is a part of the united states of america?
what other movies has the actor who played billy the kid played in?
what state was the subject of the film  ronald reagan '' governor of?
who influenced arthur miller and was buried in vr frelsers gravlund?
what team with headquarters in london did santi cazorla play for in 2010?
what is the capital city of the location where the film  mary mother of christ '' takes place?
what language is spoken in the area where the newspaper kaieteur news is circulated?
where did the subject of the film  helen keller0 '' go to school?
what type of music did the actor who played in the film gone too soon sing?
what movie produced by brad lewis did alyson stoner star in?
who was the vice president when the author of dreams from my father was elected?
what school did caroline kennedy attend that was founded after 1636-09-08?
what team did ronaldinho play for in 2010 that plays in the estadio do maracan stadium?
who influenced andy warhol and died first?
what movie based on the boardgame by hasbro was rihanna in?
who was james dean?
who was marriage0 to the author of  none00? ?
which german speaking countries have a country calling code greater than 327?
what is the official language of the governmental body called state administration of foreign exchange?
what children's literature did the author of  none2 '' write?
what is the official language of the country where the fordulat newspaper is circulated?
what movies did the actor who played the character alice upside down play in?
what country is the birthplace of the scottish fold breed?
what are the three houses of representatives in the state with the official symbol of the aquatic animal?
what are the notable athletes from the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named none0?
what currency is used in the country where cerveceria bucanero mayabe beer is made?
who influenced the author of  leaves of grass ''?
what type of government is used in japan and the birthplace of baldur von schirach?
what did the actor who played in the film donna summer : live and more encore die of?
what structure in washington, d.c. opened the earliest?
what is there to do in seattle, washington, at the address 325 fifth ave n?
who did the author of the last of the really great whangdoodles play in shrek 2?
what harry potter movies were cast by mary selway?
what taoism text was influenced by confuzus?
what type of government did sparta follow in the work i, the sun?
what county is the area where the sacramento union newspaper is circulated?
where is the location of the governmental jurisdiction that includes the danish ministry of foreign affairs?
what country produces harbin beer and produces standard tibetan?
what currency is used in the country where menkieli is spoken?
what are the government bodies in missouri?
what is the subject of the text of taoism?
what country does the breed chausie originate from?
what movie starring lucy hale that had peter deming as the cinematographer?
what state with an official symbol of siloh did the battle of shiloh take place in?
what was the latest movie rihanna starred in?
what was the name of adolf hitler's parents that died from breast cancer?
what language is spoken in the country with chiang kai-shek as a government official?
where did the author of  the definitive bob dylan songbook '' live?
who is the husband of the artist nominated for  a love song for bobby long ''?
what language is spoken in japan and the fictional buffyverse universe?
what continent is the newspaper berlingske circulated in?
what is the name of the harry potter movie that has a sequel called  harry potter and the deathly hallows - part i ''?
what country exports to china and contains gebel elba?
who inspired the actor who played in the movie tarzan and jane regained?
when did the team that plays at the palace of auburn hills win the championship?
where is the location of the film  tales of the city '' and where the train stops?
who was john f. kennedy's sexual partner who was buried in westwood village memorial park cemetery?
when was the subject of the film young abraham lincoln inaugurated?
what movie starring liam hemsworth was released to blu-ray disc?
who influenced roy lichtenstein and also influenced frank stella?
what state has the stegosaurus as an official symbol and is home to littleton?
what office did the artist nominated for awards for  it takes a village '' hold?
what did jack london do for a living?
what movie starring miley cyrus that had costumes designed by patrick field?
where does the artist nominated for awards for  fool for love '' live?
who were the parents of the commander in chief of home forces?
what movie written by michael ardt did liam hemsworth play in?
who is the brother of the actor who played in the movie angela & viril?
what continent is the newspaper nyhedsavisen circulated in?
what character did the actor who played the character  over the hedge '' play?
what was the latest movie miley cyrus starred in?
what was the most recently released film that alyson stoner starred in?
what languages are spoken in the country that has the position title prime minister of finnish?
what is the name of the train station in the setting of the film  the emperor's new clothes? ?
what german speaking country produces pilsner urquell beer?
what character did the actor who played the character liv tyler0 play in lord of the rings?
what is barack obama famous for?
what state is the area where the newspaper now is circulated?
what language is spoken in japan and the tortall universe?
who is the current president of the country that has the supreme court of pakistan?
what family adventures movies are in the harry potter series?
what team that plays in santiago bernabu stadium did ronaldo play for in 2010?
who was the person who believed in pentecostalalism that john f. kennedy had a sexual relationship with?
which german speaking country has the largest country calling code?
what is the latest film rihanna has been in?
where does bob dylan live that has a neighborhood named bryant?
what currency is used in the country where bgi lager beer is made?
who played leia organaa in leia organa0?
who was the united states ambassador to lesotho assassinated by?
what currency is used in the country where desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer is made?
where is the country where faxe premium beer is made located?
what was the subject of the film  young albert einstein '' famous for?
what movie did emma frost play in?
what harry potter movies were edited by richard francis-bruce?
who inspired andy warhol?
what is the latest structure to open in dubai?
what movie edited by christopher greenbury did alyson stoner star in?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and died the earliest?
what art form was created by nicpre nipce and was created by salvador dallas?
where is littleton, colorado, that has clarence morley as a governmental office holder?
which university attended by theodor schwann has the largest number of postgraduates?
what amusement park in florida is a fun place to do?
what language is spoken in both the kingdom of great britain and guyana?
what structure in staten island, new york opened after nov 21, 1964?
what movie did miley cyrus star in that was released latest?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in japan?
where did the person who said  a person with a temper is a person with a sense of humor '' live?
what type of government is used in the country where rapa nui is spoken?
what sports team for which santi cazorla played was founded first?
what type of government is used in the country with coat of arms of russia?
what language do they speak in afghanistan?
what country is the author of dreams from my father from?
who influenced watson to become president and held a position in the united states house of representatives?
where does héctor camacho live that has a neighborhood named hell's kitchen?
what continent is the governmental jurisdiction that has the governmental body, israeli ministry of defense?
what character does the tv show that has the family guy theme song play?
what country is the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness from?
who voiced chucky in child's play?
what is there to do in salt lake city, tx that opened after salt lake city0?
what was the job of the subject of the film  king : a filmed record... montgomery to memphis ''?
what is the best place to vacation in florida that held the 2010 florida gubernatorial election?
what is there to do in washington, dc?
what movie starring rihanna was released to the distribution medium of blu-ray disc?
what currency is used in the country where obolon zhigul beer is made?
what children's literature did the artist nominated for awards for  none2 '' write?
what language do chileans speak?
who played leia organaa?
where was the actor who played rusty wells born?
what currency is used in the country where the boerboel breed originated?
what is the name of the text written by laozi?
what movie starring lucy hale that had cinematography by edward m. d. roosevelt?
what was martin luther king, jr. jr. jr's job?
what country with an official symbol of a st. johns church did laura ingalls wilder live in?
where does the subject of the image joey king.jpg live?
what university did the person who said  forgive your enemies, but never forget their names '' graduate from?
what is nicholas cage son name?
what kind of cancer did the artist who was nominated for awards for  gardens of the world with audrey hepburn '' die of?
where is the illinois river located that has the earliest adapted symbol?
on what continent is the country that contains the second level division cartago located?
what movie written by ann brashares did lucy hale star in?
what german speaking country was the topic of alexander mintz's speech?
what team with a roster named none0 did warren moon play for in 2012?
what character in despicable me did jemaine clement play?
what country exports to sudan and contains the giza necropolis?
what is the latest structure to open in manchester, england?
what language is spoken in the bahamas and the fictional tortall universe?
what is the official language of the government of hungary?
what are the government bodies in the state that held the 2002 united states senate special election in missouri?
who is the current governor of the location where the movie  catching trouble '' takes place?
where did the author of  bob dylan2 '' live?
who is the voice of stewie griffin on family guy?
what time zone is the state with the official symbol of three-toed box turtle?
who is the president of france 2011 who was a member of rally for the republic?
what continent is the country where maccabee beer is made located in?
where does the subject of the image joey king.jpg live?
what movie starring miley cyrus that was cast by scott mcdonald?
what team does didier drogba play for in 2012 that has the arena stadium of stamford bridge?
who influenced william shakespeare to write poetry and died from exsanguination?
what state, with the nominal gdp currency of the united states dollar, was the location of the battle of shiloh?
who was marriage to none0?
what country with the largest army is the location of the giza necropolis?
what is the oldest sports team in canada?
what type of cancer did the artist nominated for awards for hot stuff die of?
what language is spoken in australia and the fictional tortall universe?
what movie directed by scott scott did lucy hale play in?
who influenced walton whitman and was the politician that ended his/her government position after november 5, 1861?
what movie written by frank bunker gilbreth, jr. did alyson stoner play in?
what language do they speak in finland?
what time zone is in texas near the strathmore ( d.j. murray ) airport?
which tv shows with fewer than 137 episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what movies released after october 2009 did liam hemsworth play in?
where was the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend '' buried?
what type of government does the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named augusto pinochet have?
what is there to do in manchester that has the street address exchange square?
what school did the actor who played the character hang loose attend?
what team that plays in santiago bernabu stadium did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
what is the political system where the chausie breed originated?
what currency is used where the east african shilling is used?
what language is spoken in the united kingdom and is also found in the fictional tortall universe?
where does the subject of the image  liz mcclarnon '' live?
what currency is used in the location that contains the second level division la uni3n?
what type of government is used in the circulation area of the newspaper zhivoye dyelo?
what is jonathan swift known for?
what south african province is near johannesburg?
what radio station does roosevelt murdoch own?
who is the current president of the government of pakistan?
what organization founded after 1979 did roosevelt murdoch own?
what is the state where the film  saw v '' takes place?
what movie starring miley cyrus that had cinematography by philipe rousselot?
what are some places to visit in the area represented by the gobierno de la comunidad de madrid?
who was the first maryland senator?
what countries does the government of bolivia border?
what nationality is the person who said  a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool ''?
what fantasy movie did lucy hale play in?
what movie starring lucy hale that was cast by scott mccarthy?
where is littleton, colorado, that has the overlook hotel?
what country did queen victoria rule that held the king of great britain?
what time zone is the state that held the 1994 united states senate election in missouri?
where is the home of the artist nominated for usher2?
where is the location of the film  the carbon collective ''?
what language is spoken in the location where the film noi the albino takes place?
what type of cancer did the actor who played in the film donna summer : live and more encore die of?
what is the official language of the country where hungarian sign language is spoken?
what are some places to visit in the location where the film  singles '' takes place?
where did the author of  the saga of a young girl '' live?
what is the mascot of the university with mr. wong as a grad student?
what country did queen victoria rule that was the subject of the film  sixty glorious years ''?
what movie edited by george folsey, jr. did alyson stoner star in?
who is the current members of the organization nominated for bush2?
what movie directed by james hayman did lucy hale play in?
what is the state motto of the state that held the 2008 united states senate election in kentucky?
what harry potter movies were produced by lorne orleans?
which peer of fredrich hölderlin influenced walt whitman?
where did the author of  two new sciences '' go to school?
what movie decorated by nancy haigh did miley cyrus star in?
what country is the location of the giza necropolis and the fictional character tutankhamun?
what harry potter movies were directed by simon lamont?
what character did the nominee for gentlemen broncos play in despicable me?
what is the political system in the location where the movie  la hora de la siesta '' takes place?
what type of art did the school of athens do?
what polynesian languages language is spoken in chile?
what type of art did the person who said  the best way to know god is to love many things '' produce?
what country exports to germany and is the location of midlothian?
who was the father of the subject of the film  the private lives of elizabeth and essex ''?
which country with the largest calling code speaks arabic language?
what team did the subject of the film  cristiano ronaldo0 '' play for in 2010?
what was the author of galileo galilei2 famous for?
what movie starring miley cyrus that had costumes designed by colleen atwood?
who is the actor that played the character robert downey jr.0's wife?
what is the latest structure to open in dubai?
where does the actor who played in the film secret kgb ufo files live?
where is the old israeli shekel used?
what team did didier drogba play for in 2010 that plays in the türk telecom arena?
who was the afl founder who died in dallas?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country produces grolsch blonde beer?
where is the location of the film  the bang bang club ''?
what movie starring alyson stoner that had music by john debney?
what is the official language of the country where red stripe beer is made?
where is littleton located in the united states of america?
what writer influenced arthur miller to become a writer, and also wrote oedipus at colonus?
who influenced walt whitman?
what german speaking country exports to angola?
what religion in canada was founded by john calvin and is the most common religion in canada?
what currency is used in the country where the mexican hairless dog originated?
who is the governor of the area where brownlow's whipg is circulated?
what type of government is used in canada and in the birthplace of baldur von schirach?
where is the giza necropolis located that has a governmental body called the house of representatives?
who was influenced by william godwin and inspired watson?
what language family does finnish belong to?
what is the capital of the country where the sloughi breed originated?
what type of art was created by the subject of the film van vincent van gogh?
what is ellen dow famous for?
what is the name of the actor who played the character lord of war's son?
what country bordering bolivia has fewer than 735000 people in its army?
what did the actor who played in the film scragg 'n' bones do?
which university attended by theodor schwann has the largest number of undergraduates?
what harry potter movies were produced by j. k. rowling?
what team did the actor who played in the film nfl : super bowl xxxiii play for?
what time zone is the governmental jurisdiction that has the governmental body named missouri house of representatives?
what movie directed by tim johnson did rihanna star in?
in what year did the detroit pistons win the championship with a score of 4 -0?
what countries do the country where the stopperna language is spoken border?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper aurora de chile?
who influenced whitman?
where is the country where faroese is spoken?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the governmental body called puerto rico cabinet is located?
what cartoon pornography movie did rihanna star in?
what language is spoken in the location where the movie  speed 2 : cruise control '' takes place?
who was the social democratic federation member who influenced antoni gaud?
what country bordering bolivia has the smallest army?
what was the latest movie released that liam hemsworth played in?
where does the actor who played the character roger moore0 live?
what country has standard tibetan as its official language and is the location of the tiger?
which school attended by caroline kennedy has the largest number of postgraduates?
what team did ronaldo play for that was founded first?
who influenced arthur miller and was the subject of the film  william shakespeare in love ''?
what language is spoken in the country where the egyptian mau breed originated?
where is the home of the artist nominated for an award for  usher2 ''?
what continent is the location where the movie  defamation '' takes place?
what university with the largest number of postgraduates did theodor schwann attend?
what movie edited by scott scott did lucy hale play in?
what currency is used in the location where the movie  princess protection program '' takes place?
what are nicholas cage's sons names?
what movies did the actor who played joey lee starred in?
what countries border the country where cerveza nacional pacea beer is made?
what state was the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend '' the governor of?
what team does the subject of the image  chris paul '' play for?
which country with the largest calling code does the niger river flow into?
what movies did miley cyrus play in, that was produced by walt disney pictures?
what movie starring lucy hale that had a crew member named scott mccarthy?
what country has a governmental jurisdiction named the scottish parliament and is the location of the film starting over?
who is the current leader of the country where harbin beer is made?
who influenced william shakespeare to write poetry?
where did the person who said  college isn't the place to go for ideas '' go to school?
who played cal trask?
what state with a symbol that was adapted after colorado0 is located in?
what children's literature did the artist nominated for awards for  gregor the underland chronicles book three '' write?
which team founded after 1966 did reggie bush play for?
what was f. scott fitzgerald known for?
what language is spoken by native american people in the united states and is also found in the fictional buffyverse universe?
what movie written by evan goldberg did rihanna star in?
who influenced john ashbery and influenced roy lichtenstein?
what movie directed by alex proyas did liam hemsworth play in?
what are the notable athletes from the country where castle brewing ( kenya ) ranger beer is made?
what movie produced by chip rosenberg did alyson stoner star in?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position prime minister of tunia?
who played leia organaa in star wars holiday special?
what movie produced by jay baruchel did rihanna star in?
what type of government is used in the country where domari language is spoken?
what south african province is the location of the film district 9?
what movies released after june 22, 2010 did alyson stoner play in?
what type of cancer did the actor who played the character nicolas sims die of?
what movie starring miley cyrus that had music by john debney?
what character did the composer of sk8ter boi play in over the hedge?
who is the governor of the governmental jurisdiction that includes the tennessee department of agriculture?
what country bordering bolivia has the largest country calling code?
what is the profession of the subject of the film  senna ''?
what harry potter movies were directed by mike newell?
what is the official language of the country where dreher classic beer is made?
what state was the actor who played in the film recognition of the japanese zero fighter governor of?
what country speaks arabic language and has azerbaijani as a spoken language?
what type of government does bulgaria have?
where was the birthplace of the famous person who once lived in the home of joey king?
what type of art is the actor who played in the film  as far as love can go ''?
where did the artist nominated for laundry service come from?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the senate of puerto rico is located?
who was the cleveland browns draft pick that passed for less than 0 yards?
what is ellen dow famous for?
which country that flows through the nigeria river has the smallest army?
who is the actor that played the character bush?
what country exports to sudan and speaks domari language?
what currency is used in the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is made?
what is the latest movie lucy hale has been in?
who is the jonas brothers'current partner?
what disease did joan crawford have?
what language is spoken in the place where the molossus breed originated?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper the stranger is circulated?
what country did the subject of the film  on the trail of bin liden '' come from?
what movie decorated by scott mccarthy did rihanna star in?
what type of government does the government of egypt have?
what language is spoken in japan and the kingdom of great britain?
what disease did the artist nominated for  possessed '' have?
what university did theodor schwann attend that was founded after 1818?
what currency is used in the location where the movie  the quarry '' takes place?
what type of government is used in the place where the azawakh breed originated?
what county is the location that appointed jim kopshever to a governmental position?
what time zone is the location near tulsa international airport in?
what peer of horace influenced william shakespeare to write poetry?
what was the occupation of the person who said  suspense is worst than disappointment ''?
what movie directed by scott scott did liam hemsworth play in?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where raila odinga holds office?
what are the places to visit in the setting of the film madrid6?
who played the parent of sophie cuckoo?
what harry potter movies were written by michael goldenberg?
what is there to do in the setting of the film  the life of nephi? ?
what countries do the country where kallawaya is spoken share borders with?
what movie did miley cyrus star in that was released latest?
where does the actor who played the character bob dylan live now?
what german speaking country has sotho as an official language?
where is the giza necropolis located?
who is the current leader of the circulation area of the newspaper reference news?
what language is spoken in the location where the movie  holiday in the sun '' takes place?
where did the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend. '' die?
who was the church of england's religious leader that influenced arthur miller?
what structure in manchester opened after 1215?
which peer of edward burne-jones influenced antoni gaudi?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has an acting prime minister?
who is the actor that played the character scarlett johansson0 to?
what country speaks arabic language and is the birthplace of the fictional character sayid jarrah?
what currency is used in the country where south african english is spoken?
which tv show with the smallest number of seasons did joey lawrence star in?
what is the state motto of the state that held the united states senate election in kentucky in 2010?
what currency is used in the country where the sokoke breed originated?
what type of government does brazil have?
what language do they speak in afghanistan?
what country speaks arabic language and is the setting of jojo's bizarre adventure?
what instrument does the person who was involved in legal entanglement in new york play?
who is the current president of the country with the coat of arms of mexico?
which country with the largest calling code speaks arabic language?
who is the current leader of the country where harbin beer is made?
who was vice president under barack obama?
what exhibition venue opened after june 23, 2008?
what taoism text influenced liang qichao?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position president of hungary?
what is the official language of the governmental jurisdiction where the chairman of the communist party of china is located?
what country does the breed egyptian mau originate from?
who is the current president of the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is made?
what language is spoken in the republic of ireland and is also spoken by the navajo people?
what currency is used in the country where gilroy favourite beer is made?
what currency is used in the location where the film vietnam, long time coming takes place?
who was the public speaker who spoke about anti-apartheid?
who was the secretary of state that influenced walton whitman?
what is there to do in the location where the film  boy culture '' takes place?
what famous people were in the area where the kenyan kenyan shilling is used?
what is there to see in seattle, washington, at the exhibition venue that opened after 05-27-2008?
who did the cleveland browns draft that had the smallest passing yards statistics?
what news corporation was founded by rupert murdoch?
who influenced walton whitman and was the politician who ended his/her government position the earliest?
what movie edited by chris livezon did miley cyrus star in?
what movie edited by chris livezon did miley cyrus star in?
what are the names of the harry potter movies produced by www entertainment?
who is the brother of the artist nominated for an award for  angelina jolie0 ''?
who is the wife of the actor who won the sfx award for best actor?
what country is the author of the audacity of hope from?
what country is the author of the audacity of hope from?
what is the state motto of the brachiopod?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the schipperke breed?
what county is the location that appointed kevin johnson to a governmental position?
what is the official language of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhu jiang beer is made?
what country has a governmental jurisdictional symbol of thistle and has a governmental body called the scottish parliament?
who was the judaism person who john f. kennedy had sexual relations with?
what movie starring liam hemsworth that had music by aaron zigman?
what time zone is in texas near the strathmore ( d.j. murray ) airport?
who was vice president under barack obama?
what is the political system where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is made?
where was the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend '' buried?
which tv show with the smallest number of episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what type of government does japan have, and is also the name of the kingdom of prussia?
what is there to do in the area affected by the 1848 great gale?
what movie starring rihanna that has emma watson?
where is the governmental body called knesset located?
what team did santi cazorla play for that borrowed thierry henry?
what is there to do in sydney that opened after october 1932?
what was john paul jones's military service?
what movie starring rihanna that was cast by scott mcdonald?
what airport is closest to the country where saint lucian creole french is spoken?
what was the title of the office of constinence xi palaiologos held by augustus?
where does the actor who played in the film border crosses live?
what office did the author of  historia viva '' hold?
what city was the birthplace of larry fitzgerald and is where bob dylan lived?
what country has the second level division zonguldak province and speaks arabic language?
what did the artist who was nominated for awards for hot stuff die of?
what team does santi cazorla play for in the emirates stadium?
what state did laura ingalls wilder live in that had a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after 1986?
what movies did the person who said  pink isn't just a color, it's an attitude! '' play in?
who inspired the author of dirge for two veterans?
what is the latest established park in salt lake city?
what is the practice of the abrahamic religion?
what was the earliest movie released in the harry potter series?
what currency is used in the circulation area of the newspaper zhivoye dyelo?
what character was born in mexico and is played by seth macfarlane?
what is the name of the harry potter movie that has a prequel called harry potter and the deathly hallows - part i?
what type of government is used in the kingdom of portugal and its capital city, coimbra?
what structure opened after staten island0 and is a good place to vacation in staten island?
what exhibition venue opened the earliest in madrid?
what type of art did the person who said  have no fear of perfection - you 'll never reach it '' create?
who was the cleveland browns draft pick that was an athlete?
what time zone is the location where the movie  girls! girls! girls! '' takes place?
which german speaking country has the largest country calling code?
what was the work of michael behe and was written by charles darwin?
which politician who influenced walton whitman was in the earliest political party?
what state with the earliest adapted symbol is the university of south carolina located in?
who was the president of france in 2012 that ended his/her government position after november 23, 2009?
what taoism text is the chinese classic?
what are the government bodies of the governmental jurisdiction that includes the governmental body missouri house of representatives?
who was the first president of france in 2012?
what is the oldest sports team in canada?
who is the current leader of china now?
who is angelina jolie's brother?
who was adolf hitler's parents that died after january 3, 1903?
where did laura ingalls wilder live that uses the united states dollar?
who influenced walt whitman and influenced jacques lacan?
what countries border the country where the double-nosed andean tiger hound breed originated?
who influenced william shakespeare to write poetry and died from poisoning?
what type of government does the location that appointed yury chaika to a governmental position have?
where does héctor camacho live that contains the baxter building?
what state is the university of south carolina located in that has richland county?
what instrument invented by adolphe sax was played by béla fleck and the fecktones?
what stop motion movie did rihanna star in?
what country with the largest army is the location of the giza necropolis?
what currency is used in the country where the drever breed originated?
which team founded after minnesota vikings0 did warren moon play for?
who influenced walt whitman and was buried in citéreau parisien de bagneux?
what movie in spanish did lucy hale star in?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position president of cuba?
where is greenlandic spoken in the country?
what country has an official symbol of north to the future and is the location of the image  alaska.jpg ''?
what movie decorated by james edward ferrell jr. did liam hemsworth play in?
what united kingdom religion has guru nanak dev as a founding figure?
where does héctor camacho live that has an inwood neighborhood?
what killed the political appointer who held the commander in chief of home forces?
what fantasy genre books did suzanne collins write?
what type of art does salvador dallas dal do?
what is there to do in washington, dc with the smallest number of floors?
what country has arabic language as an official language and has berber as an official language?
what time zone is the area where the times-picayune newspaper is circulated?
what is the name of the train station in the location where the government of san francisco is located?
which politician, who influenced watt whitman, ended his/her government position the earliest?
what type of art was created by the subject of the film  vincent van gogh : painted with words ''?
what type of government does the supreme court of chile have?
who is the president of france 2011?
when did the houston rockets win the championship?
when did the houston rockets win the championship?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and produced around the world in 80 days?
what language is spoken in the place where the supreme court of chile is located?
what type of government does the country where the fijian language is spoken have?
what to do in the area where the newspaper  dubai6 '' is circulated?
where was the subject of the film  bonaparte and the revolution '' buried?
what movie directed by wes craven did lucy hale star in?
who is the governor of the state with the official symbol of protographium marcellus?
what movie in spanish did alyson stoner star in?
what was the latest film rihanna appeared in?
what is the name of the governmental body that includes the san francisco board of supervisors?
which politician, who was appointed earliest, influenced watson?
what to do in the area where the newspaper emirates business 24/7 is circulated?
what country has an internet top level domain of ch where german is spoken?
what currency is used in the country with federal government of mexico?
where is the sports team that plays in pitt stadium located?
what language do they speak in the bahamas?
what language is spoken in the country where swedish is spoken?
what is the smallest venue in sydney that has a capacity of more than 5000?
what country has a governmental jurisdiction with the jurisdiction symbol of unicorn?
where is the three rivers stadium stadium located?
what was laura ingalls wilder famous for?
what currency is used in the location where the movie  into the arms of strangers : stories of the kindertransport '' takes place?
what currency is used in the location where the movie  iris '' takes place?
what amusement park in florida is a fun place to do?
what to do with kids in the area where the newspaper  the phnom penh post '' is circulated?
what office did the author of living history hold?
what is the exhibition venue that opened the earliest in sydney?
what was the latest movie lucy hale played in?
what type of music did the actor who played in the film  michael jackson0 '' sing?
where did the actor who played the character, adam smith, grow up?
what character did the artist nominated for julie andrews : broadway : the music of richard rodgers play in shrek 2?
what was the latest film liam hemsworth played in?
where is the giza necropolis located that produces al a sakara king beer?
which country with the largest calling code speaks arabic language?
what state has the university of south carolina located in it and has a neighborhood named eau clair?
what country is the birthplace of the actor who played the character none0?
on what continent is the country where the kriol language is spoken?
what was albert einstein's occupation?
which of the sports teams for which tom brady played was founded first?
what country is the neighborhood sporting located in?
who influenced watson and died the earliest?
who is the governor of the state with the official symbol of agriculture and commerce?
where did the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend. '' die?
who plays jason morgan on the show with the theme song general hospital?
who played kirk in star trek v?
what movie was production designed by nelson coates and featured miley cyrus?
where is the location that appointed dean barrow to governmental position located?
what currency is used in the country that has the political system of sweden?
what is the job of the artist nominated for  let's move! ?
what movie filmed in new york city did miley cyrus star in?
what are the three-toed box turtles that are the official symbol of the state?
who is the current leader of the circulation area of legal daily?
what team did the actor who played in the film computer geek #1 play for in 2012?
what character did the actor who played the character liv tyler0 play in lord of the rings?
who influenced antoni gaud and died the earliest?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor who died in chichester?
what movie directed by scott meehan did miley cyrus star in?
what movie directed by scott meehan did miley cyrus star in?
what movie directed by andrew max cahn did lucy hale play in?
what state was the governor of california in 2011 and was the united states ambassador to lesotho?
what taoism text influenced jorge luis borges?
what was the most recently released movie starring alyson stoner?
which north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has harlingen as a second level division?
what to do in madrid?
what children's literature was written by suzanne collins and was about a woman?
what is the latest structure to open in washington, d.c.?
what movie starring rihanna that rick stratton was a crew member on?
what type of government is used where the malian franc is used?
what is the state of the location where the movie  shoot 'em up '' takes place?
when was abraham lincoln earliest inauguration?
which team for which tom brady played in 2012 was founded first?
on what continent is the government of costa rica located?
what type of government did prince philip iii of spain have in sparta?
what type of music did the music producer of sometimes late at night perform?
what is the capital city of the country where berber is spoken?
what is the latest established park in salt lake city, tx?
who was marriage to the person who died in berkeley?
what harry potter movies were produced by david hieman?
who was the peer of elizabeth siddal who influenced antoni gaudi?
who influenced walton whitman and was the politician that ended his/her government position after november 3, 1869?
what type of government does dominica have?
what state with the earliest adapted symbol of the battle of siloh did the battle of siloh take place?
who does mila kunis play on family guy?
where is the river that flows under murray baker bridge located?
who influenced andy warhol and was buried in westwood village memorial park cemetery?
where is the origin of the river that flows through songo, mozambique?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor?
what university did the speaker at the march on washington for jobs and freedom receive his doctorate degree from?
what countries does the river that flows through bamako flow through?
what is the official language of the country where the mudi breed originated?
who inspired the person who said  i am a deeply superficial person ''?
who is the parent of chris griffin on family guy?
what team did didier drogba play for in istanbul?
what is the zip code for the location where the movie  battle hypn '' takes place?
what language is spoken in the country where sa'idi arabic is spoken?
who played claire littleton on the show with the theme song  lost ''?
who played kirk?
what is the nationality of the person who won the voice ( us ) - season 2?
what movie starring alyson stoner that was production designed by alec hammond?
what type of cancer did audrey hepburn died of?
what person who was born in colonus influenced arthur miller to become a writer?
what is the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness famous for?
what are the government bodies in the state that held the 1994 united states senate election in missouri?
what language family does english belong to?
what french language movies are in the harry potter series?
what state has an official symbol of a state tree and was the location of the battle of shiloh?
what language is spoken in the location that has the government of egypt?
where is the giza necropolis located that was the subject of the french revolutionary wars?
what is the state of the place where the fictional character fiona coyne lived?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that was involved in the gulf war?
what movie edited by paul ruth was rihanna in?
what is the nationality of the speaker in the 2012 state of the union address?
what continent is the area where the haaretz newspaper is circulated?
what years did arsenal win the fa cup?
what movie written by seth rogen did rihanna star in?
what instrument did the actor who played in the movie  deep sea 3d '' play?
what is the speaker who spoke about education reform famous for?
what are the government bodies in the state with the official symbol of american paddlefish?
what time zone is the state represented by john d. waihee iii?
who was a psychoanalyst and influenced watson whitman?
what is the state motto of kentucky?
what to do in the dubai marina neighborhood?
what time zone is the location near tulsa international airport in?
who won the 2010 florida governor election?
where did the author of  the saga of laura ingalls wilder '' live?
what movie filmed in los angeles stars miley cyrus?
who were the parents of the politician who held the position of reich governor?
what occupation did albert einstein have in the prime of miss jean brodie?
what character does the tv show that has the family guy theme song play?
where did the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend. '' die?
who is the president of france that the film  nicolas sarkozy '' is about?
what is the official language of the country where harbin beer is made?
what language family does the language kenosha belong to?
who is the president of the country where brahui language is spoken?
what language is spoken in australia and the fictional buffyverse universe?
what time zone is the state with the official symbol of state aquatic animal located in?
who was elizabeth taylor marriage to?
what exhibition venue in madrid opened latest?
who inspired andy warhol to become a singer and wrote music for chameleons?
where is the san francisco4 located?
what is the best place to go to see the place where the batman : la fugue ride is located?
who was born in austin and plays brian on family guy?
what is the state where the fictional universe regenesis is located?
what type of government did the country that speaks doric greek have?
where did the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend. '' die?
on what continent is the second level division la uni3n located?
who plays the character who was born in iowa and has starred in buffy the vampire slayer?
what languages are spoken in the country where cerveza colonos del llanquihue lager premium artesanal beer is made?
what is the name of the founder of the afl who died the latest?
who was the wife of the author of antony and cleopatra?
what to do in the fictional universe shameless?
what country has the picea sitchensis as an official symbol and is the location of the governmental jurisdiction?
what religion with a deity named jesus christ does canada follow?
what are the colors of the team that plays in university of phoenix stadium?
who was the president who influenced walton whitman and was the united states secretary of the treasury?
what is the official language of the country where the legal daily newspaper is circulated?
who influenced walton whitman and was credited as an influencer of jacques lacan?
what is the best place to go in manchester for football?
what was the occupation of the politician appointed by the benjamin franklin0?
what type of music did michael jackson sing?
what currency is used in the country where the chihuahua breed originated?
who was born in austin and plays brian on family guy?
which person who influenced watt whitman was a member of the earliest abraham lincoln party?
what languages are spoken in the country where the chilean escudo is used as currency?
what currency is used in the country where the tsonga language is spoken?
where did the commander in chief of home forces die?
what 2012 cleveland browns draft pick passed for less than 81 yards?
who inspired the actor who played in the film  normal love ''?
what team did the player that was signed by real madrid c.f. play for in 2010?
what german speaking country has an official symbol of leo belgicus?
what language do native american in the united states speak that includes the hopi people?
what movies starring lucy hale are from the united states of america?
what location was the location where the tv show  bob dylan '' was filmed and where bob dylan lived?
what currency is used in the country where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is made?
what was the occupation of the person who wrote  i dream 'd i lay where flow 'rs were springing ''?
what is the mascot of the university with joshua lyman as a grad student?
who influenced arthur miller?
what currency is used in the location where the movie  justine '' takes place?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
who played leia organaa in the film  postcards from the edge ''?
who was the founder of the company that acquired volvo cars?
when was the public speaker who spoke about egalitarianism inaugurated?
who inspired walt whitman to write poetry and dedicate his work to ivanhoe?
who did the cleveland browns draft that had the largest passing yards statistics?
who played saruman in the film with the soundtrack  the lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring ''?
who is the jonas brothers'current sexual partner?
what movies released after october 31, 2010 did miley cyrus play in?
what time zone is the state with the american paddlefish as an official symbol?
what us state has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after 1939 and includes the university of south carolina?
who played darth vader in the movie with the soundtrack classic fm : star wars suite and other great film music?
what religion with the holy spirit is practiced in canada?
where is the start of the body of water under dona ana bridge?
what movie written by melissa rivers did alyson stoner star in?
what movie written by melissa rivers did alyson stoner play in?
what type of cancer did the actor who played in breakfast at tiffany's have?
who was the president of france in 2011, that was appointed to his/her government position by the none0?
what was the subject of the film  the loves of robert burns '' famous for?
who was marriage to the actor who played in the film  bufferfield 8 ''?
what harry potter movies did richard harris play in?
who was the author of my story that john f. kennedy had sexual relations with?
which tv show with the smallest number of episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what type of government does chile have?
what is there to do in washington, dc with the smallest number of floors?
what team with a roster that reggie bush played for has a team on its roster?
who was the united states secretary of state who influenced watson?
what currency is used in the country with coat of arms seal of the mexico?
what movie starring alyson stoner that was released in germany?
what currency is used in the area affected by the cyclone tropical depression two-e?
what currency is used in the jurisdiction that appointed the 15th cabinet of puerto rico to a governmental position?
what language family does english belong to?
what country does the fictional character tutankhamun live in that exports to sudan?
who was the actor that played prince hamlet marriage to?
what was jonathan swift's first job?
what team from the miami metropolitan area did reggie bush play for in 2010?
what are some places to visit in the emirates hills neighborhood?
what movie edited by colby parker did rihanna star in?
what type of art did the visual artist who created the series of butterflies create?
what language was spoken in the roman empire and is also spoken in greece?
what killed the actor who played in the film whitney houston : a song for you live?
what movie decorated by gary fettis did alyson stoner star in?
what year did the athlete sponsored by covergirl win gold?
what character was born in mexico and is played by seth macfarlane?
who plays jason morgan on general hospital?
what is there to do in the location where the film  luna park sydney2 '' takes place?
what type of government does the kingdom of portugal have?
where does the actor who played in the film  new york '' live?
who started the company that is the parent company of visteon?
who was the peer of andy warhol that influenced andy warhol?
who is the actor that won the theatre world award for marriage to?
where did the athlete who was born in kenya grow up?
what killed the politician who held the government position paul von hindenburg?
what taoism text was written by fu xi?
where is the film  stand by me '' set?
what is there to do in salt lake city that has the smallest number of visitors?
what is there to do in the place that has the supreme court of florida?
what country has the adana province and arabic language is spoken?
what was the occupation of the person who said  the noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding. ?
what country is the home of the character batman and is also the location of the movie  standard tibetan ''?
what was adolf hitler's mother's name and the date of death was after 12-21-1907?
what year did the actor who played the character computer geek #1 get drafted?
what type of music did the litigant in michael jackson2 play?
who is the head coach of the team that plays at m & t bank stadium?
who played claire in lost?
what coming of age movie did alyson stoner play in?
what currency is used in the country where the government of south africa is located?
who played konstantine in bush?
what was the cause of death for the actor who played in the film the best of donna summer : the dvd collection?
who is the current leader of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhu jiang beer beer is made?
who played darth vader in the film with a crew member named scott mccarthy?
what type of government is used in the kingdom of portugal and its capital city, coimbra?
what naval battle did rihanna play in?
what sports team founded after 1966 did reggie bush play for?
what was laura ingalls wilder famous for?
who started the afl?
what country that has an acting prime minister '' -g and flows through the niger river?
what amusement park in florida is owned by merlin entertainments?
what is the theme song of the movie that steffy forrester plays in?
what type of government is used in the place where the samoyed breed originated?
what language is spoken in the bahamas and kenosha?
what continent is the country where seselwa creole french is the official language?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction that has the government position 16th cabinet of puerto rico?
who influenced the author of antony and cleopatra to write poetry?
what coming of age movie did alyson stoner star in?
who influenced william howard taft and inspired watson to become a writer?
who did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010 that also had michael essien on their team?
who played kirk in none0?
which german speaking country has the smallest army?
what is the religious text of the religion that has a deity named elder zhuang guo?
what type of government is used where the chilean escudo is used?
what time zone is the state that held the united states senate election in hawaii in 2010?
who voiced chucky in child's play?
what powers did the child of samuel wilder have?
who played dorothy in the film that holly bane was a crew member of?
what movie starring alyson stoner that had a prequel named step up 2 : the streets?
what team did the player that was signed by real madrid c.f. play for in 2010?
what type of cancer did audrey hepburn died of?
what language is spoken where the abasi currency is used?
what movies in english has miley cyrus been in?
what movie did miley cyrus play in that cynthia nixon was in?
who played leia organa in the film that was nominated for the bafta award for best screenplay, adapted?
what children's literature book about friendship did suzanne collins write?
what author of  the charles darwin2 '' wrote grant allen?
what team was once known as the tennessee oilers and was won by warren moon?
where did bob dylan live that was the location where the tv episodes were filmed?
what continent is the government of the republic of seychelles located in?
what country speaks arabic language and is the birthplace of the fictional character sayid jarrah?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in the united kingdom?
what movie did miley cyrus play in that was released to the distribution medium of blu-ray disc?
which arabic language speaking country was involved in the iran–iraq war?
what years did arsenal win the league?
what is the smallest venue in sydney that has a capacity of more than 5000?
what language is spoken in the area where the newspaper akhbar el-yom is circulated?
who played darth vader in the movie that had a crew member named scott mccarthy?
where is the currency ake used?
who is the current leader of the circulation area of the newspaper reference news?
who played saruman in the film that saraman was a crew member of?
what is the holy book of the religion that muhammad in islam founded?
which tv show with the smallest number of seasons did joey lawrence star in?
what was the occupation of the person who dedicated his work to marcus vitruvius pollio?
who inspired antoni gaud and wrote the story of the glittering plain?
what language is spoken in the country that contains najdi arabic4?
what time zone is the location where the movie  blue hawaii '' takes place?
what type of government does the country where kazakh language is spoken have?
what movie decorated by scott scott did lucy hale star in?
where can i get to the train station in the san francisco neighborhood?
what movie produced by alex proyas did liam hemsworth play in?
what was benjamin franklin known for?
what language is spoken by the subject of the film  no more smoke signals ''?
what type of art does salvador dallas dal do?
what university of michigan sports team did tom brady play for?
what is the name of the tv show with the theme song  good ol'boys '' that boss hogg plays in?
who is the current united states senate member?
what is there to do in staten island, new york?
what company did roosevelt murdoch own that acquired mushroom group?
where is midlothian?
who was the public speaker who spoke about egalitarianism that influenced watson?
who was the person that influenced walt whitman to become president?
what language is spoken in the bahamas and the fictional buffyverse universe?
who was the 2010 governor of the state that held the united states senate election in tennessee?
who played darth vader in the movie with the soundtrack classic fm : star wars suite and other great film music?
what movie, written by nicholas sparks, featured miley cyrus?
who played kirk in none0?
what language was spoken in the place where tutankhamun lived?
what team that is located in minnesota did warren moon play for in 2010?
who influenced andy warhol and died in neuilly-sur-seine?
what type of government does dominica have?
what did the actor who played in the film limp bit : kick some @$$ : unauthorized do?
what type of government does gebel elba have?
where did the person who lived in leviathan live?
what was galileo galilei2's academic advisor famous for?
where is the origin of the body of water under chirundu bridge?
what currency is used in the country with official symbol of coqu?
what exhibition venue opened latest in sydney?
what type of government does bosnia and herzegovina have?
what is the title of the court where william johnson serves as a judge?
what type of art did the visual artist who created hospital in arles do?
what are some places to visit in the area where the newspaper avui is circulated?
what canadian sports are sponsored by telus?
where is the second level division ls municipality located?
where does sam shepard live in washington county?
what animation movie did miley cyrus star in?
what philosophy text is taoism?
where is the tiger salamander located that has the official symbol of a tiger salamander?
which country with the largest calling code does the nigeria river flow into?
which country with the largest calling code does the nigeria river flow into?
who influenced arthur miller to become a writer and wrote the comedy of errors?
who was the cleveland browns draft pick that passed for less than 0 yards?
who is the governor of the state that has a commercial fish as a symbol?
what did the actor who played in the film  dutch in seven lessons '' die of?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
who influenced whitman?
what is the official language of the country where the puli breed originated?
who was the governor of the affected area of the 1848 cyclone?
what fantasy works did the author of  charles darwin in cyberspace '' write?
what state has an official symbol of a fossil and is home to littleton?
what harry potter movies did nicholas hooper compose music for?
what television shows did joey lawrence play in?
what is the official language of the country where the malinois breed originated?
what team did the subject of the film cristiano ronaldo0 play for in 2010?
which peer of desiderius erasmus influenced william shakespeare?
what was the first book that charles darwin wrote?
what movie, written by candace bushnell, featured miley cyrus?
where did the sponsor of covergirl grow up?
what cartoon pornography movie did miley cyrus star in?
what is the smallest attraction that is visited by salt lake city?
what currency is used in the country where ridna marka pshenychne weissbier etalon beer is made?
what movie did alyson stoner play in that was a cartoon?
what was benjamin franklin known for?
what country voted in 2010 for the united states of america senate election in alaska?
what year did the subject of the film jordan rides the bus get drafted?
who was a peer of michael crichton and influenced roy lichtenstein?
what movie directed by elliott lick did miley cyrus star in?
what speculative fiction book did emily dickinson write?
when was the last time the team from the bronx won the world series?
who was the vice president when the public speaker who spoke about energy development was elected?
which person who influenced watt whitman was a member of the earliest abraham lincoln0?
what movie was nominated for an award for the entire cast and featured miley cyrus?
which actor played the character johnny kapahala : back on board and also produced the film jonas brothers?
what country voted in the 2008 united states of america senate election in alaska?
who was the president of the affected area of the cyclone tropical depression two-e?
what is the name of the transportation terminus for the mayor of san francisco?
what venue in sydney has the largest capacity?
what country speaks arabic language and is the setting of jojo's bizarre adventure?
what thriller movies has liam hemsworth played in?
what movies produced by alan sacks did alyson stoner star in?
what stop motion movies has alyson stoner been in?
what was albert einstein's occupation?
what is the canadian sports team roster?
what is the official language of the governmental jurisdiction that has the position title vice premier of the people's republic of china?
where is the place where the fictional character mr. wong lived, and where the train stops?
who is the president of france 2011?
what movie starring lucy hale that had a prequel named scream 3?
who was the member of the order of st. olav that influenced arthur miller?
what movie was produced by denise gassner and featured miley cyrus?
what languages are spoken in the country where sinebrychoff kaura beer is made?
what currency is used in the country that has government of ukraine?
who played bush?
which tv show with the largest number of episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what german speaking country has a radio station called vatican radio?
what coming of age movie did lucy hale play in?
what movie decorated by scott scott did liam hemsworth play in?
which football player with a passing attempt statistic of less than 66 did the cleveland browns draft?
who influenced walt whitman and spoke at the fourth joint debate at charleston?
what currency is used where the ukraineian ukrainian karbovanets are used?
what german speaking country was ruled by christopher of bavaria?
what movies did the artist nominated for  none0 '' star in?
what was jonathan swift's occupation that started after 1805?
what movie starring liam hemsworth that rob nokes was a crew member of?
where did the academic advisor of galileo galilei0 go to school?
what movie filmed in hamilton did alyson stoner star in?
what is the theme song of the show that brian austin green was a regular cast member of?
who played darth vader in the film with the soundtrack star wars episode i : the phantom menace?
what is there to do in the place where the fictional universe xanth is located?
what currency is used in the location where the government of costa rica is located?
who influenced walt whitman and spoke at the third joint debate at jonesboro?
where does the music producer of bob dylan live?
what is the place with the official symbol of  in god we trust ''?
who is the actor that won the venice film festival upstream prize for best actress's husband?
what are some places to visit in the cuatro vientos neighborhood?
what biography did charles darwin write?
what religion in australia has a founding figure named gatama buddha buddhisma buddhisma buddhisma buddhisma buddhisma budd
what powers does the child of the actor who played the character  chicken '' have?
where was the artist who was nominated for awards for  how great thou art '' born?
what is the type of government where the fictional character tutankhamun lived?
who is the current none0 of the state with the official symbol of  in god we trust ''?
which country exports to the united states of america and has the niger river flowing through it?
what religion in the united kingdom has sarah as a founding figure?
what language is spoken in the country that has althing?
what is the currency of the country where jamaican english is spoken?
what state is the oakwood-vaughan neighborhood located in?
what is the official language of the governmental body called state administration of foreign exchange?
who was a bush member who was born in nyon?
what language do native american in the united states speak, that includes the navajo indians?
what type of government does the kingdom of portugal have?
what country speaks arabic language and uses power plug type c?
what hotel in dubai has the largest number of floors and is a great place to vacation in the city?
who plays nicholas newman in the film with the theme song nadia's theme?
who was the first president of france in 2012?
what currency is used in the country with ceiba pentandra as its official symbol?
what state was the governor of california in 2011?
who was the 2012 state of the union address speaker?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in australia?
what type of government does russia have?
what movie starring lucy hale that was production designed by scott mccarthy?
in what year did the detroit pistons beat the portland trail blazers for the championship?
where does the producer of bob dylan live now?
what movie written by nicholas sparks did liam hemsworth play in?
what country that is a member of north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) has the second level division of echt-susteren?
who voiced chucky in child's play?
where is the newspaper littleton0 circulated?
what is anderson silva known for?
who did the cleveland browns draft that was the quarterback of the team that had fewer than 6 draft picks?
what movies did the actor who played the character girl at pool play in?
what language family is the language found in the fictional universe view askewniverse?
what 2012 cleveland browns draft pick passed for more than 108 yards?
who was the public speaker who spoke about the berlin wall with?
which team founded after 1966 did reggie bush play for?
what exhibition venue opened after 12-20-2007 is sydney?
what is the capital of the state that held the 2008 united states senate election in montana?
who is the current governor of the state where the fictional universe xanth is located?
who influenced watson to become president and held illinois house of representatives?
what type of government does the kingdom of sparta have, and is also the military unit of the anglo portuguese forces?
what is the religious text of the religion founded by laozi?
what currency is used in the country where the poltava breed originated?
what killed the actor who played the character julia biggs?
what sports team owned by george steinbrenner was the subject of the film  the house of steinbrenner ''?
who played saruman in the film that had stephen regeous as a crew member?
what is the speaker in 2012 state of the union's famous for?
where does the artist nominated for awards for malibu0 live?
what movie decorated by lydia marks did miley cyrus star in?
what language do the irish speak, that includes the black irish?
what country is barack obama from?
what type of government does the kingdom of sparta have, and is also the military unit of the anglo portuguese forces?
what countries does the river that flows through niamey flow through?
hurricane jose's area affected by what currency?
who played darth vader in the movie that had a crew member named scott mccarthy?
who played kirk and said  khhhaaaaaaaan! ?
what stop motion movie did miley cyrus star in?
what team from the miami metropolitan area did reggie bush play for in 2010?
when was the first president, to whom the united states congress dedicated its work, inaugurated?
what is the name of the text of islam that was written by muhammad al-bukhari?
what thriller movie did rihanna star in?
who played jason morgan in general hospital?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion that has muhammad in islam as its founding figure?
where does bob dylan live that is the location that appointed him to a governmental position called mayor of minneapolis?
where does joey king live that has a neighborhood named paradise palms?
what is the league of the team that plays in lucas oil stadium?
what currency is used in the location where the movie  the proud and profane '' takes place?
what movie starring rihanna that had cinematography done by brandon trost?
what currency is used where the tunisian franc is used?
who influenced arthur miller and wrote the two gentlemen of verona?
what type of government does the country that was involved in the battle of kulikovo have?
what is the official language of the country where icelandic is spoken?
where is the body of water under the mclugage bridge located?
where can i get to the train station in the san francisco neighborhood?
who played emma frost's children?
what language do chileans speak?
what team with a halfback on its roster did tom brady play for in 2012?
who was the first president of france in 2012?
what engineered language is spoken in australia?
what country has a court of session and is the main language spoken there?
what type of government does the location that appointed the ministry of justice to a governmental position have?
what movies produced by ben myron did alyson stoner star in?
what television film did lucy hale play in?
who is the president of france 2011?
what was the cause of death of the subject of the film 50/50?
who was the vice president when the speaker on education reform was elected?
who was the voice of the character who was born in tatooine?
what movie starring miley cyrus that had a crew member named scott evans?
what did darwin on trial do for the biology community?
what type of government is used in the place where the araucana breed originated?
what country is the speaker on education reform from?
who influenced walton whitman and was the politician that ended his/her government position after november 3, 1869?
where is the turkish language spoken?
what are some places to visit in the place where the fictional character gil chris brown lived?
what is the political system in the country where cordoba fighting dogs originated?
what country speaks arabic language and uses power plug type c?
what is the capital city of the country that uses the maroon franc?
where did bob dylan live that is in los angeles county?
what did the subject of the film charles darwin0 do for the world?
what tv shows with a run time of less than 30 minutes did joey lawrence play in?
which person who influenced walton whitman was a member of the lincoln0?
what year did the houston rockets beat the florida magic to win the championship?
who was the actor that played in the film recognition of the japanese zero fighter assassinated by?
what movie was liam hemsworth in that was nominated for an award for katniss everdeen?
where is littleton, illinois, that produces the beer coors light?
what country is the birthplace of the shetland sheepdog breed?
what language is spoken in the country where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is made?
what team did the subject of the film  cristiano ronaldo0 '' play for in 2010?
where did the author of  the saga of laura ingalls wilder '' live?
who is the current governor of the jurisdiction that includes the supreme court of florida?
what is the religious text of the religion whose founding figure is taoism0?
what arabic language speaking country is the subject of the film twelve disciples of nelson mandela?
who was the u.s. attorney for the northern district of georgia's assassination suspect?
who played balthazar in bush?
what type of government did manuel i of portugal have in spain?
who was the first president of france in 2012?
what currency is used in the area that was involved in the battle of kulikovo?
what states have a united states senate and are represented by none0?
where did the politician who was appointed by paul von hindenburg die?
who is the current leader of the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the state council of the people's republic of china?
where is the ocean that contains lliput and blefuscu?
what language is spoken in the country that contains the second level division corfu?
what hotel in dubai has the largest number of floors and is a great place to vacation in the city?
when was the last time the team that plays at oriole park at camden yards won the world series?
what did charles darwin do for the world?
who played darth vader in the film with a crew member named scott mccarthy?
who was the ruler of the kingdom of great britain and also held the position of governor general of the province of canada?
what are the three houses of representatives in missouri?
what country speaks arabic language and uses power plug type f?
what children's literature did the author of  none2 '' write?
what is the capital city of the state with an official symbol of nymphalis antiopa?
what is the capital city of the state that has a governmental jurisdiction named montana?
what language is spoken in the country with capital city nassau?
what countries does the niger river flow into?
what type of government is used in the country with national anthem argentina national anthem?
what languages are spoken in the country that uses the chilean peso?
what religion in the united kingdom uses the bible as its text?
what country contains the giza necropolis and has the cairo governorate?
what is the name of the mascot of the organization led by nicholas s. zeppos?
where is the university of south carolina located in the utc05:00:00 time zone?
where did the person who had the condition brain death live?
what is the profession of the person who once lived in fairmount?
what country speaks arabic language in the central time zone?
who is the current president of the country whose national anthem is himno nacional mexicano?
who did the team with mascot named chops draft?
the country that has the national anthem hatikvah is located in what continent?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion that uses the sharia belief system?
what is there to do in the governmental jurisdiction where rick scott holds a governmental office?
what language do the people who worship at the rainbow bridge national monument speak?
what is the league of the team that won the super bowl xli championship?
what arabic language speaking country was the filming location of the tv show zola levitt presents?
what is the time zone in the state with the capital of honolulu?
what is there to do in the location that appointed jeb bush to governmental position?
what type of government does the country that contains krasnodar krai have?
where is the headquarters of the organization led by ruthert stadler?
what type of government does the country that contains magallanes y la antrtica chilena have?
who is the current president of the country whose national anthem is qaumi taranah?
what movie starring rihanna that has a character named samantha?
what country in eastern european time zone is the location of the giza necropolis?
what is the league of the team owned by jim irsay?
what was the occupation of the person who once lived in the galileo galilei2?
what team owned by serena williams did reggie bush play for?
what is the mascot of the university that publishes the yale herald?
what currency is used in the country with tunisia as its capital?
who was the president of france in 2012?
what type of government is used in the country that uses the argentina peso?
on what continent is the country that contains cartago province located?
what type of music did the artist who went on the history world tour perform?
who is the current governor of the state whose capital is tallahassee?
what country with a capital of sam shepard is the location of the pacific pacific northwest trader?
where is the country that uses the costa rican col3n?
who influenced the person who once lived at 1342 lexington avenue?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem himno nacional mexicano?
what is the person who attended state elementary school menteng 01 famous for?
what language is spoken in indonesia and the fictional buffyverse universe?
which tv show with the smallest number of seasons did joey lawrence star in?
what structure in staten island, new york opened after 1695?
what time zone is the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position mayor of new orleans?
what country speaks welsh and was the birthplace of robert darcy, 4th earl of holdersness?
what school did the actor who played in the film  man-up! '' attend?
what state did the politician who was the chief economist and economic policy adviser represent?
what type of government does fiji have?
what currency is used in the country where the chicomuceltec language is spoken?
what fantasy genre movies are in the harry potter film series?
where did the speaker who spoke at the 1801 presidential inauguration die?
what west germanic languages is spoken in japan?
who is the current leader of france 2011?
what year did the detroit pistons win the championship with a score of 4-1?
what time zone is the area where the newspaper honolulu record is circulated?
where does the artist nominated for awards for new york live?
what movie edited by scott scott did lucy hale play in?
what are some places to visit in the location where the movie  the passenger '' takes place?
what team with stadium centurylink field did warren moon play for in 2010?
what is the capital city of the country where marocan arabic is spoken?
what killed the actor who played in the film whitney houston : the greatest hits?
what are nicholas cage's sons names?
where is the currency kuru used?
what type of government is used in the circulation area of the newspaper aurora de chile?
when was the first president to whom william howard taft dedicated his work?
what school with headquarters in cambridge did caroline kennedy attend?
when was abraham lincoln inaugurated?
what is the name of the harry potter movie that has a sequel called harry potter and the chamber of secrets?
who is the president of the country where the gull terrier breed originated?
what country with a nominal gdp currency of the united states dollar did sam shepard live in?
what type of government is used in canada and in the birthplace of emanuel lasker?
what movie directed by seth rogen did rihanna star in?
who influenced arthur miller to become a writer and said  first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers. ?
who influenced william godwin and influenced arthur miller?
what did jack london do for a living?
what country bordering bolivia that the fictional character paddington bear was born in?
which north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has the largest country calling code?
what country that contains the giza necropolis has an army of less than 798000?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship with a score of 4 to 0?
what currency is used in the country where santa fe beer factory luna llena beer is made?
what type of cancer did the actor who played the character jo stockton die of?
what to do in the area that contains seattle, washington6?
which arabic language speaking countries have an army of less than 2800?
what movie starring alyson stoner that had costumes designed by scott mccarthy?
what is the latest structure to open in dubai?
what movie starring liam hemsworth that was cast by adam scott?
what team with a roster that reggie bush played for has a team on its roster?
what language is spoken in indonesia and the fictional tortall universe?
where did caroline kennedy go to school, that is located in new york city?
who is the current president of the country where the chihuahua breed originated?
what type of government does japan have?
what continent is israel located on?
what currency is used in the country where falcon beer is made?
who was the 2010 florida0 of the state that held the united states senate election in florida?
what movie produced by brian goldner did rihanna star in?
what language is spoken in the united kingdom and is kenosha?
what movie was produced by walton disney pictures and starred alyson stoner?
what is the political system in the location where the movie  the motorcycle diaries '' takes place?
who influenced whitman?
what is the zip code for the location where the movie  inglewood0 '' takes place?
what movie produced by 20th century fox did alyson stoner play in?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position politics of sweden?
what airport is closest to the city where the cornell progressive newspaper is circulated?
who is the current president of the affected area of the cyclone calderón?
which countries speak arabic language, and were involved in the military conflict, iraq6?
what instrument is played by the artist nominated for awards for  flute2 ''?
which team founded after 1879 did tom brady play for?
what are the official languages of the country where picard is spoken?
what harry potter movie has the song magic works?
what country is the subject of the movie barack obama anak menteng from?
who inspired andy warhol and was nominated for the golden globe award for new star of the year – actor?
what currency is used in the location that contains the second level division cartago?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that had fiona weir as the casting director?
who inspired walt whitman and dedicated his work to lady windermere's fan?
what continent is the place where the supreme court of israel is located?
what years did the sports team that plays in arsenal f.c.0 win the trophy?
what is there to do in salt lake city that has the smallest number of visitors?
what movie produced by mandate pictures did rihanna star in?
where is the country that uses the israeli lira currency located?
what movie about dogs did miley cyrus star in?
what language is spoken in the place where the icelandic sheepdog breed originated?
who was the bush member who was born in crawley and is a member of bush?
what team sponsored by iberdrola did santi cazorla play for?
what country is barack obama from?
where can i get to the train station where the movie  san francisco 4th and king street station '' takes place?
who is the actor that plays the parent of stewie griffin?
where is the place where anchor steam beer is made?
where did the person who said  bob dylan2 '' live?
what language is spoken in indonesia and is the main language of great britain?
what currency is used where the south african pound is used?
what to do in the area that contains seattle8?
where did héctor camacho live that was the home of the fictional character juliet van heuson?
what type of government does canada and the kingdom of prussia have?
which peer of fredrich wilhelm joel schelt was influenced by walton whitman?
what type of music did michael jackson sing?
where was the actor who played in the film wimbledon 2007 final : roger federer vs. nadal born?
who played the character who was born in none0?
who influenced walton whitman and was the politician who ended his/her government position the earliest?
who is the governor of the state with the state sport fish as a symbol?
what time zone is the location with the reef triggerfish as an official symbol?
what is the author of  a modest proposal '' famous for?
what german speaking country has the government of the german democratic republic?
where does joey king live that has a county named clark county?
where is the headquarters of the company that acquired ducati?
who is the current maryland senator who is catholic?
what movies in the hunger games series did liam hemsworth play in?
where is midlothian?
what country bordering bolivia has nova roma?
what movies did the artist nominated for miley cyrus8 star in?
where did the sponsor of circuit city grow up?
what country is the government of alaska located in?
what character did the artist nominated for an award for shrek 2 play in?
which actress that john f. kennedy had a sexual relationship with rose oomis?
what was the job of the speaker at the march on washington for jobs and freedom?
what movie starring boss hogg did scott huckaby play in?
what did the actor who played in the film the best of donna summer : the dvd collection die of?
what killed the music producer of whitney : the greatest hits?
what movie produced by marianne maddalena did lucy hale star in?
what football player with a passing attempt statistic of less than 73 did the cleveland browns draft?
what is the smallest attraction that is visited by salt lake city?
what is the name of the train station in the fictional city of san francisco that the fictional character chloe king lived in?
where is the giza necropolis located that is the setting of the fictional universe jojo's bizarre adventure?
what languages are spoken in the country with official symbol of leo belgicus?
what is there to do in sydney?
who is the voice of lois griffin on the show with the family guy theme song?
what language is spoken in indonesia and the fictional tortall universe?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the araucana breed?
what is the title of the court that has the united states supreme court building?
what state with the earliest adapted symbol is littleton, colorado?
what language with the code xloj does australia speak?
what players played in kenya?
what time zone was affected by tropical storm fabio?
what country is midlothian, scotland?
what language is spoken by native american american people in the united states and is also found in the fictional tortall universe?
what south african province is near johannesburg?
who was marriage to the person who was a member of the episcopal church?
what is the author of  dreams from my father '' famous for?
who influenced walt whitman and was influenced by gerard desargues?
what movie was rihanna in that was produced by universal studios?
what was the first published work by charles darwin and his great discovery?
what country is the speaker who spoke about energy development from?
what currency is used in the circulation area of social-demokraten?
what currency is used in the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is made?
what taoism text was influenced by mozi?
who played darth vader in the movie that had a crew member named scott mccarthy?
who was the 2002 cleveland browns draft pick that started his career the earliest?
what religion with notable figure named ali is in canada?
what country is the person who attended noelani elementary school from?
what type of government is used in the country with capital named bamako?
who held their governmental position from january 3, 1987 and is the current maryland senator?
what is the official language of the country that uses the jamaican dollar?
who was vice president under the person who once lived in the white house?
what country uses the renminbi as its currency and has the standard tibetan language as its main language?
what religion in the united kingdom uses shulchan aruch as its text?
what country is the artist who went on the believe tour from?
who is the head coach of the team with mascot named poe?
the country with the national anthem la borinquea uses what type of currency?
what did the person who went to harrogate college do for a living?
what team with mascot named k. c. wolf did warren moon play for in 2010?
what country with the capital of baghdad speaks arabic language?
where is the location of the government that has margrethe ii of denmark?
where is the currency sultani located?
what type of government does the country that contains moscow have?
what country is the person who attended state elementary school menteng 01 from?
where did laura ingalls wilder live in the mountain time zone?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion that uses the sunnah text?
who is the current leader of the country that uses the renminbi as its currency?
what country speaks arabic language in the central time zone?
who is the brother of the famous person who attended william o. schaefer elementary school?
what team that won super bowl xxxvii did tom brady play for?
where is the capital of the midlothian region?
who is the current president of the european union parliament?
what did the person who went to pontiac central high school do?
where did the artist who had the oral fixation tour come from?
when did the team owned by jerry buss first win the championship?
what is the official language of the location where the tv show the bride with white hair was filmed?
what team with mascot named galatasaray s.k. did didier drogba play for in 2010?
where was the capital of the country that was home to the ottoman empire?
what is the religious text of the religion with laozi as a notable figure?
who voiced chucky in child's play?
what country contains the giza necropsy and is the location of the cairo city?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem afghan national anthem?
what type of music did the artist who had a concert tour named this is it tour sing?
what language is spoken in the country that has taoyuan county?
where does roger moore live now?
who did the cleveland browns draft after none2?
what team with mascot named viktor the viking did warren moon play for in 2010?
where is midlothian, scotland, where the fictional character jack osborne was born?
what are some places to visit in the location that appointed ana botella to a governmental position?
what harry potter movies were directed by lucinda thomson?
what languages are spoken in the country that has the government of belgium?
what country has the government of belgium and french as official languages?
what character did william shakespeare influence that was featured in the story of metamorphoses?
what team did the actor who played in the film golden shoes play for in 2010?
who was influenced by philip sidney and influenced william shakespeare to write poetry?
what continent is the area where the newspaper seychelles nation is circulated?
what languages are spoken in the country where the tamaskan dog breed originated?
what structure in dubai has the largest structure structure floor?
where did the artist who created the series three musicians live?
what currency is used in the country where the newspaper la dépêche tunisienne is circulated?
who influenced arthur miller and william hazlitt?
what movie did the subject of the image  rihanna '' star in?
who influenced antoni gaudi and influenced bauhaus?
what movie starring liam hemsworth that featured the song safe & sound?
who played leia organaa in the film  postcards from the edge ''?
what year did the actor who played in the film nfl : super bowl xxxiii get drafted?
what is the official language of the governmental jurisdiction where china0 of the people's republic of china is located?
what is the latest established park in salt lake city?
what is the ethnicity of the actor who played in the film the wizards return : alex vs alex?
where does the actor who played in the film  paradise cove '' live?
what currency is used in the place where the cubalaya breed originated?
which of the schools caroline kennedy attended was founded first?
what country with a capital of st. louis is a major trading partner of germany?
what is the zip code for the location where the movie  price of glory '' takes place?
where was the author of  the wealth of nations '' born?
what other movies has the actor who played will hemsworth been in?
what thriller movie did liam hemsworth play in?
what county is the area where the minnesota daily newspaper is circulated?
what is the name of the train station in the area where the san francisco call newspaper is circulated?
what is there to do in the location where the movie  a hobo's christmas '' takes place?
what country is the origin of the formosan mountain dog breed?
what did donna summers die of?
what countries with calling codes greater than 223 does the niger river flow through?
where did the author of sidereus nuncius go to school?
what movie produced by alloy entertainment did lucy hale star in?
what was the occupation of the person who said  let us do or die? ?
what currency is used in the location where the film  the treasure of the sierra madre '' takes place?
what is there to do in seattle, washington, washington, at the address 1301 second avenue?
what state was the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend? ?
what year did arsenal win the fa cup runner up award?
who is the current leader of the jurisdiction where the state administration of foreign exchange is located?
what country has a governmental body named the scottish government and is the location of the scottish parliament?
who is the current leader of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhu jiang beer beer is made?
what county is the area where the newspaper  workedets ridder '' is circulated?
what countries border the country where cerveza ducal beer is made?
what type of government does the governmental jurisdiction that has the position president of fiji have?
what religion in australia is the subject of the work siddhartha?
what language belonging to the eastern berber languages family is spoken in egypt?
what is the name of the harry potter movie that has a prequel called harry potter and the philosopher's stone?
who is the current leader of the country that has the chairman of the communist party of china?
what movie starring liam hemsworth that had a crew member named adam scott?
what country is barack obama from?
who is the actor that played the character scarlett johannson0 to?
what did the actor who played the character nicolas sims die of?
who is the voice of chucky in child's play?
what other movies did the actor who played the character lucy hale0 play?
what country did the subject of the film victoria the great rule?
what country with the largest army is the location of the giza necropsy?
what killed the artist nominated for an award for  i'm your baby tonight? ?
what was the author of the world as i see it famous for?
what movies starring liam hemsworth are from the united states of america?
what are some places to visit in the area where the newspaper el liberal is circulated?
what country in the wara language family does guyana speak?
what killed the political appointer who held the reich governor?
what tv show with a run time of less than 30 minutes did joey larry star in?
what is the capital of the state with the official symbol of gold and silver?
who was the president that influenced watson and served as president?
what is there to do in barcelona that opened after 1907?
who played kirk and executively produced none0?
what is the latest movie lucy hale has been in?
what stop motion movie did lucy hale play in?
what movie starring rihanna that was cast by francine maisler?
who is the brother of the author who published editions for notes from my travels?
who was elizabeth taylor marriage to?
who was marriage0 to the author of  none00? ?
what was the most recently released movie that alyson stoner starred in?
what is barack obama famous for?
what actress was in o. henry's full house and had john f. kennedy's sexual relationship?
who inspired the artist of the series cars?
who influenced arthur miller and wrote a doll's house?
what year did the sponsor of circuit city win gold?
what structure in washington has more than 58 floors?
what movie directed by aaron hayes did rihanna star in?
where is the origin of the river that flows through sesheke?
in what year did the houston rockets win the championship with a score of 4-3?
what movie starring lucy hale that had avy kaufman as the film casting director?
what language is spoken where the greek drachma is used as currency?
where does peter minuit live that is the home of héctor camacho?
what movie produced by kevin williams was lucy hale in?
what languages are spoken in the country where sinebrychoff karhu ii beer is made?
what movie starring lucy hale that was production designed by gae s.buckley?
what language is spoken in the country that uses power plug type bs 546?
who was the person that leonard bernstein dedicated his work to?
what language do they speak in taiwan?
what movie about alien invasion did rihanna star in?
who is the governor of the place that has the tennessee supreme court?
what team with a roster named striker did santi cazorla play for in 2010?
what religion in australia influenced arthur schopenhauer?
who played darth vader in the movie that had a crew member named scott mccarthy?
what was benjamin franklin known for?
what venue in sydney has the largest capacity?
what movies did the person who wrote  none2 '' star in?
where does the actor who played the character joey king0 live now?
who was the 2008 president of france?
what religion in the united kingdom is the subject of the film lies my father told me?
what time zone is the area affected by hurricane iwa?
what did charles darwin do for the world?
who influenced the person who said  a good newspaper is a nation talking to itself ''?
what is the political system where the argentina0 is used?
what is the government system in the country where cerveza colonos del llanquihue lager premium artesanal beer is made?
who did the cleveland browns draft?
what type of music did the composer of michael jackson0 perform?
what movie starring alyson stoner that was production designed by shepherd frankel?
which person who influenced watt whitman was a member of the earliest abraham lincoln party?
what school with headquarters in new york city did caroline kennedy attend?
what was the academic advisor of albert einstein2 famous for?
who is the current president of the country where the movie  frida '' takes place?
who was the afl founder born in bartlesville?
what are some places to visit in the place where the fictional character niles crane lived?
what are the names of the harry potter movies produced by 1492 pictures?
who is the current president of france 2011?
what movie was liam hemsworth in that was produced by the gauntlet film company?
what movie starring liam hemsworth has a trailer at http : //youtu.be/0bdzwrw6hna?
who is the parent of chris griffin on family guy?
what is the author of  a modest proposal '' famous for?
where is the country where the plautdietsch language is spoken located?
what country speaks arabic language and uses power plug type f?
what language is spoken in both guyana and the fictional buffyverse universe?
who is the governor of the affected area of the cyclone calvin?
who played kirk in none0?
where did the author of  the saga of a young girl '' live?
what is the name of the attraction that is under the sydney harbour bridge?
hurricane otto affected the area where the currency is used?
who played claire in lost?
who were the parents of the politician who held the government position paul von hindenburg?
what is the holy book of the religion that worships the jade emperor?
what movie starring lucy hale that had john edgar park as a crew member?
where did the artist who created las meninas live?
what is there to see in barcelona?
who played the character bush in zoolander?
what type of government did the country that speaks doric greek have?
what 2012 cleveland browns draft pick passed for more than 125 yards?
who played the fictional character kirk?
what country speaks norn and was james cook from?
where is the film  stand by me '' set?
who was influenced by henrik wergeland and was arthur miller's inspiration?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
what language is spoken in the country where the macuedo language2 is spoken?
what is the official language of the country where hungarian is spoken?
