where is the body of water that has the position title of minister of food?
who started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board and was the attorney general?
what movie released to blu-ray disc did robert pattinson star in?
what country did the politician appointed by paul von hindenburg rule?
who was the vice president of the president who leonard bernstein dedicated his work to?
where does the river that originates in french broad river flow into?
what was the inventor of the invention of improvement in adjusted and detachable straps for garments?
what other inventions did the inventor of the thomas edison4 invent?
who was the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict, and was appointed to his government position by ronald reagan?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the switzerlander laufhund breed?
who played darth vader in the film that matt lanter was a crew member of?
what is the attraction in madrid that has the batman : la fuga ride?
where does the owner of ecstasea live?
what form of government is practiced in the affected area of the cyclone tropical depression two-e?
where is auburn university located that has a county named lee county?
what is the earliest opened building to see in houston?
what show produced by henry winkler that is in english?
what language is spoken in israel and the fictional universe buffyverse?
where did the subject of the film  the boy king '' go to school?
what was the earliest released movie that quentin tarantino starred in?
what was the speaker at the march on washington for jobs and freedom known for?
what language is spoken in the country that belongs to the english-based creole languages?
what show shot in new york has the longest run time?
what state in midwestern united states contains point place?
what continent is the country that uses the south african pound located on?
what states does the body of water located under the mississippi river pass through?
what is the official language of the country where nynorsk is spoken?
what movie starring regina hall that had music by vernon reidison?
what movie starring taylor lautner that debra zane was the film casting director?
what was the first album written by the lyricist for hot for teacher?
what team did shaquille o'neal play for that was also attended by louisiana state university?
who was marriage to judy garland and wrote the film the princess and the pirate?
what form of government is practiced in the country where nigerian breweries star beer is produced?
what is a fun thing to do in mcklenburg county, nc?
what movie starring jenna dewan that had costumes designed by durinda wood?
what movie, filmed in new york city, featured omar epps?
what movie directed by ian somerhalder that ian somerhalder acted in?
what country is a major trading partner of china and has a capital city called khartoum?
what is the capital of the state where the fictional character sunstreak lived?
when did dustin brown's hockey team last win the stanley cup?
when did dustin brown's hockey team last win the stanley cup?
what airport is home to airtran airways?
what politician influenced by baron de montesquie was appointed to his governmental position by thomas jefferson?
what state does the mississippi river pass through?
what did thomas edison do for the world?
which of the kennedy family members died first?
what movie did tom cruise play in endless love?
what type of music did ludwig van beethoven and the film  in the shadow of the stars '' take place?
what religion did the public speaker who spoke about the berlin wall follow?
what movies did j.j. abrams direct that were from germany?
who was the president in 2011 of the country that contains azad kashmir?
what is the mascot of the organization whose leadership includes nicholas s. zeppos?
what country that contains gois borders bolivia?
who is the coach of the sports team owned by steve bisciottiottiottiottiottiottiottiottio
what currency is used in the country with national anthem ee mungu nguvu yetu?
what currency is used in the country with rift valley province?
what was the last world series won by the new york yankees?
what form of government is used in the country with national anthem god bless fiji?
who is the current leader of the country where the show  the bride with white hair '' was filmed?
what currency is used in the country with kronoberg county?
where does héctor camacho live in the utc05:00:00 time zone?
what state has columbia as its capital and is home to the university of south carolina?
what languages are spoken in the country with the capital city of brussels?
what religion in canada has the bible as a text?
where did the illustrator of the book  fleur de joie '' live?
where is the state with the capital of scottsville?
where is the giza necropolis located that appointed hosni mubarak to a governmental position?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem la bayamesa?
what form of government is practiced in the country that uses the chilean peso?
what language is spoken in the country that uses afghan afghani as currency?
what is the team mascot of the team with the mascot big red?
where is the university of south carolina gamecocks men's basketball team located?
what religion in australia has chapel as a place of worship?
what country is the location that appointed sean parnell to a governmental position?
what form of government is used in the country with national anthem le mali?
the country that has the national anthem koste seselwa is located in what continent?
what years did the champion of the 1995 nba finals win the championship?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem of russia?
what country that appointed dioncounda traor to governmental position does the niger river flow into?
what country with the capital of edinburgh speaks welsh?
what airport is closest to the city that has the national anthem sons and daughters of saint lucia?
what continent is the country with the capital of san jose located?
what team with mascot named sir saint did reggie bush play for in 2012?
what was the occupation of the person who attended luitpold gymnasium?
what was the occupation of the person who attended albert einstein4?
who is the current leader of the country that has national people's congress?
who is the member of the band that went on the look me in the eyes tour?
what country is home to the artist who went on the look me in the eyes tour?
where did the person who lived in the grand duchy of toscany attend university?
what religion in canada has a chapel as a place of worship?
what currency is used in the country that imports from zimbabwe?
the country that has the national anthem there is a lovely country is located in what continent?
what countries does the niger river flow through?
where is the team with the mascot named steely mcbeam?
who played darth vader in the film with a character named san diego?
what language is spoken in the country that contains n°grd county?
who started ford motor company mexico holdings inc?
what form of government is used in the country with national anthem bilady, bilady, bilady, bilady?
what time zone is the state with jefferson city as its capital?
what is the earliest building to be built in barcelona, spain?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that appointed georges pompidou to a governmental position?
what years did the team owned by tom gores win the championship?
where is midlothian, uk, that contains pitcairn islands?
what form of government is used in the country with the capital of suva?
what is the mascot of the school that has peabody college?
what language is spoken in the country that has the national people's congress?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion that believes in god in islam?
which politician influenced by walton whitman ended his/her government position the earliest?
what languages are spoken in the country with national anthem of the republic of china?
what country has the national anthem scotland the brave?
what team with mascot named t.d. did reggie bush play for in 2010?
where is the university of south carolina0 located?
what form of government is used in the country with mnögovi province?
what country does bolivia border?
what religion in the united kingdom has a sacred site named safed?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem du gamla, du fria?
what is the zoo that opened earliest in seattle, washington, nc?
what religion in australia that has a religious text called the book of nehemiah?
what years did kirk mchale coach the nba?
what currency is used in the country with tunisia?
the country that has the national anthem land of the free is located in what continent?
what country has arabic language as its capital and speaks rey?
what is the occupation of the person who lived in cholame?
what is the most recently opened attraction to see in sydney?
who is the coach of the team whose fight song is  seven nation army ''?
where is the university of south carolina cocky located?
what country has arabic language as the capital and has baghdad as its capital?
what was the last super bowl won by the los angeles raiders?
what country has bonn as its capital and is also where germany is spoken?
what team with the fight song skol, vikings did warren moon play for in 2010?
what currency is used in the country with santiago de cuba province?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem shche ne vmerla ukraine?
what state was the film  stand by me '' filmed in?
when did the 2009 nba finals win their first championship?
where is the sports team whose fight song is  pittsburgh steelers polka '' from?
where does bob dylan live in the central time zone?
what religion in the united kingdom has a sacred site named harmandir sahib?
what country that contains cairo is home to the giza necropolis?
what religions have the bible as the text and are practiced in australia?
what was the first championship won by the team that won the 1987 nba finals?
where is the giza necropolis located, and is the location that appointed mohamed morsi to a governmental position?
who was the president in 2011 of the country that contains balochistan?
what sports team owned by paul g. allen family foundation did warren moon play for?
what is the mascot of the university that has ryan rote as a grad student?
what continent is the country with the capital of belmopan located?
what was the last world series won by the new york yankees?
where did the author of  the eden court '' die?
what country, with a governmental office holder named george ii of great britain, speaks welsh?
what is the mascot of the university that has yale bulldogs men's basketball?
what currency is used in the country with kiev?
who owns envi?
what team with fight song the victors did tom brady play for in 2010?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that has paris as its capital?
what is the mascot of the yale center for british art?
what movie did rihanna play in that had a character named  battleship ''?
what religion in the united kingdom has chapel as a place of worship?
what country did james cook come from that has edinburgh as its capital?
what is the earliest opened attraction to see in sydney?
what country has arabic language as the official language and uses saudi arabia riyal as currency?
what state has denver as its capital and is also where littleton is located?
where is the tv show the stand filmed and is the home of joey king?
where did joey king live that was the location of the show the stand?
who was the architect that designed red house and influenced antoni gaud?
what is the mascot of the organization whose leadership includes someone named rick levin?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion whose place of worship is the sharia religion?
who was the president of the country that uses pakistani rupee?
what character did the actor who attended makoura college play in the movie despicable me?
what years did the champion of the 1995 nba finals win the championship?
what is the occupation of the person who once lived in the white house?
what continent is the country that contains copenhagen located in?
what country has ajman in it and speaks arabic language?
what currency is used in the country with capital of oranjestad?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that uses the cfp franc?
what country with the capital of conakry does the niger river flow through?
what is the state motto of the state with frankfort as its capital?
what country contains midlothian and montserrat?
what language is spoken in the country that has egypt6?
where is the illinois river located that appointed jim edgar to a governmental position?
what country that has a religious leader named pope francis does bolivia border?
what did the person who once lived in cambrian park die from?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem humat al-hima?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem tin qun ca?
what are the major sports in the country that uses kenyaian shilling?
what religion in the united kingdom has eve as a figure?
who started the organization that william clay ford motor company, jr. owns?
what language is spoken in the country that uses the guyanese dollar?
who was the architect that designed bellesguard?
what form of government is practiced in the country that uses the fijian dollar?
what did the famous person who went to jeremiah e burke high school die of?
what is the main train station in the city that appointed dianne feinstein to a governmental position?
what airport is in the country that contains soufrière?
what is the most recently established attraction to see in seattle, nc?
what year did the famous person who went to emsley a. laney high school enter the nba?
what team with mascot named samford the lion didier drogba play for in 2010?
what country with capital city of cairo is the location of the giza necropolis?
what country has a capital named beijing and is the country that tibetan is a major trading partner?
what language is spoken in the country that has the national people's congress?
what currency is used in the country with trelawny parish?
what was the name of the president of france in 2012 that held his governmental position from after october 17, 2004?
what currency is used in the country with kwazulu-natal?
what is there to do in the pacific time zone in seattle, washington, nc?
what language is spoken in the country that uses the bahamian dollar?
where is the sports team owned by the rooney family from?
what sports team owned by alisher usmanov did santi cazorla play for?
what language is spoken in the country that contains the location of east berbice-corentyne?
what is the state with the capital of tallahassee?
what are the sports in the country that has kenya4?
what team that won the super bowl xliv championship did reggie bush play for?
where is the country that has imperial anthems of the ottoman empire?
what currency is used in the country with kef governorate?
where is the country that uses ottoman lira as currency?
what is the mascot of jonathan edwards college?
what form of government is used in the country with northern division, fiji?
what form of government is used in the country with central division, fiji?
what state was the film  stand by me '' filmed in?
what religion in australia has ali as a figure?
what country that uses the argentina peso does bolivia border?
what state in the central time zone did the battle of shiloh take place?
what form of government is used in the country with tarapac region?
what country is the person who once lived in the white house from?
where is the sports team whose fight song is renegade from?
what sports team owned by roman abramovich did didier drogba play for in 2010?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country is friesland in?
on what continent is the country that uses the belgium dollar located?
what was the last world series won by the team that won the 1970 world series?
what team that won the super bowl xliv championship did reggie bush play for?
where does bob dylan live in the eastern time zone?
what religion in the united kingdom has a belief in the virgin birth of jesus?
what is the state's capital, where the missouri house of representatives is located?
what currency is used in the country that contains the kenya province?
who did the cleveland browns draft that started his career the latest?
what did the famous person who went to los banos high school die of?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem noble patria, tu hermosa bandera?
who is the artist that went on jonas brothers brothers world tour 2009?
what religion in canada has mahdi as a belief?
who did the sports team owned by none4 draft?
what year did the team that won the 2004 nba finals win the championship?
what country is home to brahma bock beer and trades with china?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
the country that contains puntarenas province is located in what continent?
what country has arabic language as the official language and uses saudi arabia riyal as currency?
what currency is used in the country that has nijmegen airport?
what is the occupation of the famous person who went to neolani elementary school?
what country has ajman in it and speaks arabic language?
where did the illustrator of the book de mmoire d'homme : po me live?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion whose figure is muhammad in islam in islam?
what is the capital of the country with national anthem cherifian anthem?
what instrument did the famous person who went to henry d. perry middle school play?
what is the zoo that opened after 1899 and is a fun place to visit in seattle, washington, nc?
what type of art was created by the person who attended willem ii college?
where is the giza necropolis located, and is the location that appointed mohamed morsi to a governmental position?
what country uses arabic language and has the lebanese pound as currency?
what is the sacred site of the religion whose sacred site is taoism0?
what year did the sports team owned by alisher usmanov win the fa cup?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live in the central european time zone?
who is the coach of the team whose fight song is  the baltimore fight song ''?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) member has ross plevneliev as a government official?
what industry does the organization led by tony nicely operate in?
what currency is used in the country with capital named san juan?
what team with the fight song  when the saints go marching in '' did reggie bush play for in 2012?
the country that has the national anthem noble patria, tu hermosa bandera is located in what continent?
what form of government is used in the country with capital of santiago?
what years did leslie alexander's sports team win the championship?
who started the organization that has john g. parker as a leader?
what movie did lucy hale play in that had a character named scream 4?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem of south africa?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion whose figure is ali?
what team owned by serena williams did reggie bush play for?
what form of government does the location that appointed vladimir putin to a governmental position have?
what country has the national anthem bilady, bilady, bilady, bilady, bilady, bilady 
what religion in canada has mecca as a sacred site?
what countries does the country with the capital of bolivia0 border?
what religion in the united kingdom has a place of worship named church?
what country has milio zeman as a government official and speaks czech republic?
where is midlothian, scotland, where the capital is edinburgh?
what currency is used in the country with krasnodar krai?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has sofia as its capital?
who was the 2010 governor of the state with nashville as its capital?
what currency is used in the country that has thabo mbeki as a government office holder?
what was the last world series won by the team owned by george steinbrenner?
what year did the team that won the 2004 nba finals win the championship?
what country bordering bolivia that has buenos aires as its capital?
the country that contains the haifa district is located in what continent?
who plays leia organaaaaaaa?
what languages are spoken in the country with national anthem sa'idi arabic0?
what team with mascot named pat patriot did tom brady play for in 2010?
what country in north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) has an airport that serves kleve ( district )?
what sports team owned by jimmy buffett did reggie bush play for?
what league is the team with mascot named indianapolis colts blue?
what religion in australia has a belief in the virgin birth of jesus?
what is the mascot of the university that has ryan rote as a grad student?
what religion in australia has a sacred site named kushinagar?
what sports team owned by farhad moshiri did santi cazorla play for in 2012?
what country with capital city of cairo is the location of the giza necropolis?
the country that contains northern district is located in what continent?
what is the official language of the country that uses renminbi as its currency?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what character did the actor who went to breakwater school play in lord of the rings?
what form of government is used in the country with kharti province?
the country that contains stann creek district is located in what continent?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that uses the euro as currency?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem lofsngur?
what country in the eastern time zone speaks arabic language?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
who did the cleveland browns draft that started his career latest?
what country bordering bolivia that has brazilia as its capital?
who does the voice for chucky in child's play?
where does héctor camacho live in the eastern time zone?
when was the last time the raiders won a super bowl?
what language do they speak in the country that imports from pakistan?
what is the mascot of the university that has thomas r. gold as a grad student?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
what celebrity with endometriosis did john f. kennedy date?
what character did the actor who went to npanee district secondary school play in over the hedge?
what was the last world series won by the team owned by peter angelos?
where is usher from?
what is the main train station in the city that hosted the 1960 summer olympics?
who is the current leader of the country that uses renminbi as its currency?
what is the mascot of the school that has peabody college?
what children's literature did the person who lived in conneticut write?
what religion has a belief in the end time religion?
what currency is used in the country with moscow?
what is the ethnicity of the person who attended danny jones middle school?
what movie did the artist who went on the last girl on earth tour star in?
who were the people that attended edward devotion school?
what country has the national anthem flower of scotland?
what movie did sidney precott play in that starred lucy hale?
who did none2 draft?
what is there to do in salt lake city, tn, that hosted the 2002 winter olympics?
what country has nijmegen airport and is where germany is spoken?
what country is the governmental jurisdiction that has the national people's congress?
what is the name of the main train station in the city where gavin newsom was appointed to a governmental position?
what team owned by robert kraft did tom brady play for in 2010?
what country did james cook come from that appointed george i of great britain to a governmental position?
what is the capital of the country that has driss jettou as a government official?
what languages are spoken in the country with national anthem brabanonne?
what year did the sports team owned by arsenal f.c.0 win the fa cup?
what country has welsh as their capital and has dolwyddelan as its capital?
what movies did the actor who went to none4 play in?
what countries does the country with the national anthem of bolivia border?
what team that won super bowl viii did reggie bush play for?
what religion in australia has richard hooker as a figure?
what to do in central european time zone in madrid?
what year did the famous person who went to emsley a. laney high school enter the nba?
what countries border the country that uses the bolivian boliviano as currency?
when was the last time the team with the mascot the oriole bird won the world series?
what team with the fight song i'm shipping up to boston did tom brady play for in 2010?
what language is spoken in the country that has antonis samaras in office?
what form of government does the location that appointed anwar sadat to a governmental position have?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) member country is in eastern european time zone?
who is the current leader of the country that has national people's congress?
what country has a religious organization named society of jesus '' -g and borders bolivia?
what airport is closest to the capital city of castries?
who played darth vader in the film with a character named san diego?
who did the team whose fight song is  hi-o hi-o for cleveland '' draft?
who was the president in 2011 of the country with the capital of islamabad?
what country is the location of the tv show zola levitt and speaks arabic language?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem aruba dushi tera?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
what languages are spoken in the country with national anthem march on, bahamaland?
what airport is in the country that contains the city of vieux fort quarter?
what country has nato as a part of the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) and has nijmegen as a part of it?
what is the location of the night strangler tv show?
what country has aarhus county and is where aarhus county is located?
what currency is used in the country with cherkasy oblast?
what are the sports in the country that contains rift valley province?
what religions are practiced in the united kingdom?
what are the athletes in the country with national anthem none4?
what team that won the super bowl iv championship did warren moon play for?
what is the religion with a notable figure of taoism0?
what is the religion whose religious belief is wu wei?
what is there to do in barcelona that started construction after 1882?
what country is the country that contains gansu and is the country that is home to standard tibetan?
what school with mascot named griffin did helen keller attend?
what currency is used in the country with saint ann parish?
what countries does the niger river flow through?
what language is spoken in the location where the show the bride with white hair was filmed?
who was the architect that designed casa vicens?
who was the first president of france in 2013?
who was influenced by walton whitman and had a medical condition called strabismus?
what team that won super bowl viii did reggie bush play for?
what year did the team with the mascot named hooper win the championship?
what country contains the cairo governorate and is home to giza necropolis?
where did the architect who designed poplar forest die?
who was the person who influenced walton whitman and also influenced by the disease smallpox?
what is the official language of the country with national anthem jamaica, land we love?
what country has the danish krone as its currency and is where danish is spoken?
what religion in australia has a sacred site named lumibini?
what country that has the eastern catholic churches as a religious organization does bolivia border?
what religion in canada has a belief in the virgin birth of jesus?
what country is the location of the tv show the bride with white hair?
what team with mascot named t.d. did reggie bush play for in 2010?
what languages are spoken in the country with national anthem of chile?
where does kaka live in the utc time zone?
who is the current none0 of the state that was governed by jeb bush?
what state has a capital named nashville and was the location of the battle of shiloh?
what was the name of the none2 of france in 2012 that held his governmental position from after october 17, 2004?
where is the country whose capital is bursa located?
who was the president of the country that martin schulz was in?
what language is spoken in the region where retsina wine is produced?
who was the first maryland senator?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion that believes in god in islam?
what sports team owned by jimmy buffett did reggie bush play for?
what country in the eastern time zone speaks arabic language?
what language is spoken in the country that imports and exports fruit and nut farming?
what religion in canada has a religious text called the book of nehemiah?
what currency is used in the country where nama language is spoken?
what country does bolivia border?
what sports team founded after 1908 did ronaldinho play for?
on what continent is belgium brewing co. belikin beer produced?
what currency is used in the country where jamaican english is spoken?
what is the place that has the big dipper ride?
what was the subject of the movie  a star named ayrton senna ''?
what language is spoken in the country that makes harbin beer?
who was marriage to none6?
who was elizabeth taylor marriage to?
what movie starring lucy hale has a prequel called  another cinderella story : once upon a song ''?
what was the actor that played in the film limp bizkit : rock in the park 2001 famous for?
what person who influenced william shakespeare died in Constanța?
which of the founders of the afl died earliest?
what is the harry potter movie released earliest?
what is the harry potter movie released earliest?
what was the inspiration for william shakespeare and was influenced by giovanni pico della mirandola?
what state has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after the year 1939 and includes the university of south carolina?
who was the vice president under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness?
what countries have a country calling code greater than 967 and speak arabic language?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper staten island register is circulated?
what country does the government of egypt export to?
what is the latest structure to open in salt lake city, nc?
what language is spoken in the country that has a governmental body called the parliament of finland?
who was the vice president of the author of  the audacity of hope ''?
who are the brothers of the award nominated artist for burnin'up?
what movie directed by tom vaughan did miley cyrus play in?
what character does emma frost play in the movie?
where did the actor that played the character tab lazenby live?
what sports team founded after 1912 didier drogba play for?
what is the official language of the country where desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer is produced?
who is the actor that played the character susan downey?
what instrument does the composer of  sands theme '' play?
what was lincoln's inaugural address?
what language is spoken in the country that has a governmental office holder named wu xiaoling?
what influenced walton whitman and was influenced by adam mickiewicz?
what county is the sacramento news & review circulated?
what movie starring alyson stoner that has a sequel named garfield : a tail of two kitties?
what movie starring lucy hale was released latest?
what was the earliest inauguration date that lincoln was abraham lincoln0?
what organization founded after november 31, 2003 did rupert murdoch own?
what time zone is the jurisdiction that has the position title, missouri attorney general?
who was the president of france in 2012 that ended his/her government position latest?
where is the state of the state that has the secretary of state of colorado?
what to do in seattle, nc?
who is the member of the jonas brothers?
what killed the actor who played rachel marron?
where did the actor who played the character, elvis presley, grow up?
what language is spoken in the country with prime minister of hungary?
who is the president of the country that makes santa fe beer?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper akher saa?
what language is spoken in the country with state council of the people's republic of china?
what is the actor that played the character sara goldfarb?
what language is spoken in chile and sesame street?
what is the earliest opened structure to see near sydney, nc?
what sports team founded earliest didier drogba play for in 2010?
what currency is used in the country where the swedish riksdaler is used?
where did the actor that played the character roger moore0 live?
what currency is used in the location where the film  the last leprechaun '' takes place?
what person who said  o brave new world, that has such people in't! influenced arthur miller?
what team does the actor that played in the film golden shoes play for?
what type of art does the school of athens have?
what movie did lucy hale play in that mae whitman was a part of?
what is the capital of the country where brasseries de morocco casablanca beer is produced?
what country that is ruled by hamad bin khalifa al thani has arabic language as the language?
what language is spoken in both guyana and the tortall universe?
what religion in canada was founded by huldrych zwingli?
what movie was directed by liam hemsworth and featured liam hemsworth?
what county is the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named jerry t. belton?
what religion is practiced by the islamic people who follow the sharia religion?
where did bob dylan live that is also the birthplace of nathan o. kaplan?
what is the state of florida, that held the 2010 united states senate election?
what language is spoken by the navajo indians and is also spoken in the fictional tortall universe?
what county is the chowchilla city council member from?
who was arthur miller influenced by?
what shows with fewer than 2 seasons did joey lawrence play in?
who was marriage to none2?
what country speaks welsh and has norn as a spoken language?
what is the location of the movie  catching trouble ''?
what did charles darwin and his great discovery do?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper reference news?
what currency is used in the circulation area of the daily nation newspaper?
what is there to do in the place where the government and politics of seattle is located?
what university with the largest number of postgraduates did theodor schwann attend?
what time zone is the location that appointed david m. louie to a governmental position?
who was the politician that influenced walton whitman to become president?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country produces the beer?
which politician influenced by walton whitman died first?
what school founded after 1886 did helen keller attend?
what person who influenced roy lichtenstein died first?
what currency is used in the country that has zine el abidine ben ali?
what is the capital of the country where the movie  kundun '' takes place?
what is the title of the chief justice of the court where samuel chase serves?
what movie did lucy hale play in that had costumes designed by scott mccarthy?
who was the president of the country where the gull dong breed originated?
what country ruled by george ii of the united kingdom is welsh?
what is the most recently founded sports team that cristiano ronaldo played for?
what county is the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position mayor of minneapolis?
what currency is used in the country where the government of puerto rico is located?
where is the university of south carolina located that has an official symbol of a spotted salamander?
what continent is denmark?
who is the current leader of china 2011?
who played kirk and also wrote the film  william shatner0? ?
who does the actor that played pamela abbott play in lord of the rings?
what is there to do in bennelong point, sydney?
what movie starring liam hemsworth was released to Buenos aires?
who played jason morgan on general hospital?
who was the 2010 governor of the state that has the government of tennessee?
what is the ethnicity of the actor who played in the movie  arwin! ''?
what movie, starring liam hemsworth, has music by brian tyler?
what languages are spoken in the country that makes macedonian thrace brewery vergina premium lager beer?
what country in the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) was the topic of the speaker?
what language is spoken in the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhu jiang beer beer beer is produced?
what state was the film  stand by me '' filmed in?
where did laura ingalls wilder live that is in the united states of america?
what person who influenced william shakespeare was buried in westminster abbey?
what language is spoken in the country that has zeng peiyan in office?
what country with top level domain of py does bolivia border?
what type of music does the subject of the film  this is it '' sing?
what currency is used in the country where kenya breweries tusker premium lager beer is produced?
what currency is used in the country with coat of arms of south africa?
what country has the coat of arms of south africa?
who was influenced by lucian and influenced arthur miller?
what is the title of the chief justice of the court that has a chief justice of the united states?
what character in over the hedge was nominated for an award for  over the hedge ''?
what time zone is the circulation area of the newspaper gambit?
what countries have arabic language as the official language and were involved in the military conflict of the iraq6?
where did the person who the movie  i'm not there '' was about live?
where is midlothian, scotland, that has an official symbol of an animal emblem?
who were the people that were the people that said  forgive your enemies, but never forget their names? ?
what team with a roster named free safety did reggie bush play for?
what currency is used in the country where jmtlands bryggeri hell beer is produced?
who played darth vader in the film that has a character named hayden christensen?
where is midlothian, scotland, that has an official symbol of a unicorn?
what movie starring lucy hale that debra mcguire designed the costumes?
who is the actor that played in the movie yucatan?
what country is the birthplace of pwt and speaks arabic language?
where is midlothian, scotland, that has the floral emblem?
what inspired andy warhol to become a singer?
what are the major sports in the country where none4 beer is produced?
what character did the actor that played shrek 2 play in?
where did the actor who played in the movie  high school phenoms '' grow up?
who inspired walton whitman to become a writer?
where did the author of  the prince '' live?
where is the illinois river located that has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted earliest?
where did sam shepard live before he was the film fargo?
who was the president of the country that speaks the seraiki language?
where is the siwi language spoken and the giza necropolis located?
what are the sports in the circulation area of the newspaper daily nation?
what country has russian as a spoken language and has russian as a spoken language?
what language is spoken in both indonesia and the fictional universe buffyverse?
what sports team founded after 1902-03-06 is the real madrid c.f.?
what art movement was the person who said  a good picture is equivalent to a good deed? ?
what countries use the bolivian peso as currency?
what did the subject of the movie  you don't know jack '' do?
what is jonathan swift famous for?
what movie starring miley cyrus that denise chamian was the film casting director?
what language is spoken in the bahamas and the kingdom of great britain?
what currency is used in the country with coat of arms of mexico?
what was the subject of the movie  albert einstein4 '' famous for?
who was the president of france in 2010?
who was antoni gaud's inspiration that died after nov 17, 1879?
where did the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend '' go to school?
what form of government is used in the country where el gouna beverage co. sakara gold beer is produced?
what form of government is practiced in the place where the dogo argentino breed originated?
what country did james cook come from that was ruled by george ii of the united kingdom?
where is the state of illinois river located, and is the administrative division in the united states of america?
what movies has the actor that played billy the kid been in?
what state was the subject of the movie  ronald reagan '' governor?
who was buried in vr frelsers gravlund and influenced arthur miller?
what sports team whose headquarters are in london did santi cazorla play for in 2012?
what is the capital of the country where the movie  mary mother of christ '' takes place?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper kaieteur news?
where did the subject of the film  the miracle worker '' go to school?
what type of music does the subject of the film gone too soon perform?
what movie produced by brad lewis did alyson stoner star in?
who was the vice president of the author of  dreams from my father ''?
what school founded after 1836 did caroline kennedy attend?
what team that plays in estdio do maracan­ plays in what stadium?
what person who influenced andy warhol died earliest?
what movie, based on the boardgame by hasbro, did rihanna star in?
what job did james dean have?
who was marriage to none6?
what country has a country calling code greater than 357 and speaks czech republic?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental body called state administration of foreign exchange?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper fordulat?
what movies did the actor that played the character alyson stoner0 play in?
what country is the birthplace of the scottish fold dog breed?
what are the three states that have the official state seal of a aquatic animal?
what are the major sports in the country that has a governmental office holder named none4?
what currency is used in the country where cerveceria bucanero mayabe beer is produced?
what influenced the author of  leaves of grass ''?
what type of government is practiced in the birthplace of baldur von schirach and japan?
what did the actor that played in the film, donna summer : live and more encore, die of?
what is the earliest opened location to see in seattle, washington, nc?
what is there to do in seattle, nc, with the street address 325 fifth ave n?
what character did the author of  shrek 2 '' play in shrek?
what harry potter movies were directed by mary selway?
what taoism religion text was influenced by conucius?
what form of government is practiced in the work i, the sun and inspriation of Sparta?
what county is the sacramento union circulated?
what continent is the governmental jurisdiction that has the danish ministry of foreign affairs?
what country is harbin beer made and is also the country of origin for standard tibetan beer?
what currency is used in the country where menkieli is spoken?
what are the three missouri houses?
what is the religion of the religion that has taoism as a text?
what country did the chausie breed originate from?
what movie starring lucy hale that peter deming was cinematography done by peter denning?
where was the battle of shiloh, and the location adapted its symbol last?
what was the earliest released movie starring rihanna?
what was adolf hitler's parent's name that died from breast cancer?
what language is spoken in the country that has a governmental office holder named chiang kai-shek?
where did the author of  the definitive bob dylan songbook ( bob dylan ) live?
who is the artist nominated for an award for  a love song for bobby long '' marriage to?
what language is spoken in japan and is also spoken in the fictional universe buffyverse?
what continent is the circulation area of the newspaper berlingske located?
what harry potter movie did harry potter : the deathly hallows - part i take place?
what country that contains egypt exports to japan?
who influenced the actor that played in the movie tarzan and jane regained?
what years did the team that plays in the palace of auburn hills win the championship?
what is the main train station in the location where the movie  tales of the city '' takes place?
what celebrity buried in westwood village memorial park cemetery did john f. kennedy have a romantic relationship with?
what was the inauguration of the subject of the film  young abraham lincoln? ?
what movie released to blu-ray disc did liam hemsworth play in?
who influenced roy lichtenstein and also influenced frank stella?
what state has a symbol of stegosaurus and is home to littleton?
what is the name of the state that the artist nominated for  takes a village '' holds a position?
what was jack london famous for?
what movie did miley cyrus play in that was designed by patrick field?
where does the artist nominated for awards for  new york '' live?
what were the parents'names of the commander in chief of home forces?
what movie written by michael ardt did liam hemsworth play in?
who is the brother of the actor who played in the movie  angela & viril ''?
what continent is the circulation area for nyhedsavisen located?
what character does avril lavigne play in over the hedge?
what was the earliest released movie that miley cyrus starred in?
what is the most recently released movie that alyson stoner starred in?
what languages are spoken in the country that has the prime minister of finland?
what is the main train station in the location where the movie  the emperor's new clothes '' takes place?
what country is home to pilsner urquell beer and speaks pilsner urquell?
what character does liv tyler play in lord of the rings?
what is barack obama famous for?
what state is the area where the newspaper now is circulated?
what language is spoken in japan and the tortall universe?
who was the president of the country that has the supreme court of pakistan?
what movies in the harry potter series are in the family adventures series?
what team that plays in the santiago bernabu stadium did ronaldo play for in 2010?
what celebrity, who was a member of pentecostalism, was john f. kennedy's wife?
what country has a country calling code greater than 423 and speaks liechtenstein?
what is the most recent film starring rihanna?
what city, with a neighborhood named bryant, did bob dylan live in?
what currency is used in the country that makes bgi lager beer?
who played leia organaaaa?
who was the political appointee that had the title united states ambassador to lesotho?
what currency is used in the country that makes desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer?
on what continent is faxe premium beer produced?
what was the subject of the film  young albert einstein '' famous for?
what character does emma frost play in the movie?
what harry potter movie was edited by richard francis-bruce?
what was the inspiration for andy warhol and the author of  the swans ''?
what is the most recently opened place to see in dubai?
what movie, edited by christopher greenbury, did alyson stoner star in?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and died the latest?
what type of art created by salvador dal is nicphore npce's art?
where is littleton, nc, that appointed clarence morley to a governmental position?
what university with the largest number of postgraduates did theodor schwann attend?
what is there to do in florida?
what language is spoken in both the kingdom of great britain and the country of guyana?
what is the most recently opened structure to see in staten island, ny?
what movie starring miley cyrus was released earliest?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in japan?
where did the person who said  the noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding '' live?
what form of government is practiced in the country where rapa nui is spoken?
what sports team founded earliest did santi cazorla play for?
what form of government is used in the country with coat of arms of russia?
what language do people speak in afghanistan?
what country is the author of  dreams from my father '' from?
who was the person who influenced walton whitman to become president?
where does héctor camacho live that has a neighborhood named hell's kitchen?
in which continent is the israeli ministry of defense located?
what character does none0 play in the tv program with the theme song  family guy theme song? ?
what country is the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness from?
who is the voice of chucky in the film that was nominated for the best actor award for best actor in a supporting role?
what is there to do in salt lake city, nc, that opened after october 8, 2003?
what was the subject of the movie  king : a filmed record... montgomery to memphis '' famous for?
what is the most recent state to hold the florida gubernatorial election?
what to do in seattle, washington?
what movie released to blu-ray disc did rihanna star in?
what currency is used in the country that makes obolon zhigul beer?
what children's literatures were written by the artist nominated for an award for  gregor and the cure of the warmbloods ''?
what language do people speak in chile?
who played leia organaaaa?
where was the actor who played the character rusty white?
what currency is used in the country where the boerboel breed originated?
what is the name of the laoism religion that has a text called taoism?
what movie with cinematography by lucy hale did lucy hale play in?
what was martin luther king, jr.?
what state did laura ingalls wilder live in that has the earliest adapted symbol?
where does the person in the image joey king's joey king's's hometown live?
where did the person who said  nothing pains some people more than having to think '' graduate?
what is nicolas cage's son's name?
what type of cancer did the artist nominated for an award for gardens of the world die of?
where is the illinois river located that has the earliest adapted symbol?
on what continent is the location that contains the second level division cartago located?
what movie written by ann brashares did lucy hale play in?
what country that was spoken about by alexander mintz is a major language in?
what team with a roster of none4 did warren moon play for?
who does jemaine clement play in despicable me?
where is the giza necropolis located, and exports to sudan?
what is the most recently opened attraction in manchester, england?
what language is spoken in the tortall universe and is also spoken in the bahamas?
what language is spoken in the country where the government of hungary is located?
what are the two states that held the missouri senate special election in missouri in 2002?
who is the current governor of the state where the movie  catching trouble '' takes place?
where did the author of  tarantula '' live?
who is the voice of stewie griffin's voice?
what time zone is the state with the three-toed box turtle as an official symbol?
who was the leader of the country that is a part of rally for the republic?
on what continent is maccabee beer produced?
where does the person in the image joey king's joey king's's hometown live?
what movie was mmiley cyrus in that had a casting director named scott mccarthy?
what team that plays at the samford bridge didier drogba play for in 2010?
who was the person who influenced william shakespeare and died from exsanguination?
where was the battle of shiloh and the united states dollar?
who was richard burton marriage to?
where is the giza necropolis located, and has the largest army?
what sports team in canada was founded first?
what type of cancer did the artist nominated for hot stuff die of?
what language is spoken in australia and the tortall universe?
what movie directed by scott hales did lucy hale play in?
who was the person who influenced abraham lincoln0 and also influenced by abraham lincoln0?
what movie written by frank bunker gilbreth, jr. did alyson stoner play in?
what language do people speak in finland?
what time zone is used in texas and the strathmore ( d.j. murray ) airport?
what shows with fewer than 108 episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what movies released after october 27, 2009 did liam hemsworth play in?
where was napoleon bonaparte buried?
what form of government is practiced in the country that has a governmental office holder named chile0?
what attraction in manchester has the street address exchange square?
what school did the actor who played the character hang loose attend?
what team that plays in the santiago bernabu stadium did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
what form of government is used in the place where the chausie breed originated?
what currency is used in the country where the east african shilling is used?
what language is spoken in the united kingdom and the tortall universe?
where does the person in the image  liverpool '' live?
what currency is used in the location that contains the second level division la uni3n?
what form of government is practiced in the circulation area of the newspaper zhivoye dyelo?
what is jonathan swift famous for?
where is the south africa province located?
what radio station fox news talk is owned by rupert murdoch?
who was the president of the location of the government of pakistan?
what organization founded after 1922 did rupert murdoch own?
what state is the location of the movie  saw v ''?
what movie starring miley cyrus that had cinematography done by philip rousselot?
what are the best things to do in the district represented by the government of madrid0?
which of the 2013 none2 senators ended their governmental position the earliest?
what countries does the government of bolivia border?
what country was the person who said  a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool '' from?
what fantasy movie did lucy hale play in?
what movie starring lucy hale that had lucy hale as the casting director?
what state is home to the overlook hotel and is also the state of littleton, ohio?
what country was the location of the king of great britain and also the place where he speaks to me as if i was a public meeting?
what time zone is the state of the state that held the 1994 missouri senate election?
where is the home of the artist nominated for awards for  usher ''?
on what continent is the location of the film  the carbon collective ''?
what language is spoken in the setting of the movie  noi the albino? ?
what type of cancer did the actor that played in the film donna summer : live and more encore die from?
what language do people speak in hungary?
what is there to do in the location where the movie  singles '' takes place?
where did the author of  thomas holbes '' live?
what is the mascot of the university that mr. wong graduated from?
what country did the subject of the film sixty glorious years rule?
what movie, edited by george folsey, jr., featured alyson stoner?
who is the member of the band that was nominated for an award for  machinehead ''?
what movie directed by james hayman did lucy hale play in?
what is the state motto of the state that held the 2008 senate election in kentucky?
what harry potter movies were produced by lorne orleans?
which peer of fredrich hölderlin influenced walton whitman?
where did the author of  two new sciences '' go to school?
what movie decorated by nancy haigh did miley cyrus play in?
where is the giza necropolis located and the fictional character tutankhamun lived?
what harry potter movies were directed by simon lamont?
what character is played by the artist nominated for an award for gentlemen broncos?
what form of government is practiced in the location where the movie  la hora de la siesta '' takes place?
what type of art does the school of athens have?
what language in the polynesian languages language family is spoken in chile?
what type of art was created by the person who said  the best way to know god is to love many things? ?
where is midlothian, england, that exports to germany?
who was the subject of the film  the private lives of elizabeth and essex ''?
what country has the largest country calling code and speaks arabic language?
what team did the subject of the film  golden shoes '' play for in 2010?
what was the author of sidereus nuncius famous for?
what movie starring miley cyrus that was designed by colleen atwood?
who is the actor that played the character susan downey?
what is the most recently opened place to see in dubai?
where did the actor that played in the film  secret kGB ufo files '' live?
on what continent is the country that uses old israeli shekel?
what team that plays in the türk kom arena didier drogba play for in 2012?
which american football league founder died in dallas?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country produces grolsch blonde beer?
what country is the location of the film  the bang bang club ''?
what movie starring alyson stoner that had music by john debney?
what is the official language of the country where red stripe beer is produced?
what state in the united states of america is littleton, ohio oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh o
what writer, who wrote oedipus at colonus, influenced arthur miller?
what influenced edgar allan lincoln to become president?
what country exports to angola and speaks south african?
what religion in canada was founded by john calvin?
what currency is used in the country where the mexican hairless dog originated?
who is the current governor of the state where the newspaper brownlow's whig is circulated?
what type of government is shared by canada and the birthplace of baldur von schirach?
where is the giza necropolis located that has a governmental body called the house of representatives?
who was influenced by william godwin and was influenced by walton godwin?
what language is spoken in finland?
what is the capital of the country where the sloughi breed originated?
what type of art did the subject of the film  vincent van gogh '' do?
what is ellen dow famous for?
what is the name of the actor who played the character lord of war?
what country bordering bolivia that has fewer than 785000 army members?
what is the actor that played in the movie scragg 'n'bones known for?
what university with the largest number of undergraduates did theodor schwann attend?
what harry potter movies were produced by j. k. rowling?
what team did the actor that played in the film nfl : super bowl xxxxiix play for?
what time zone is the state of the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental body called the missouri house of representatives?
what movie directed by tim johnson was rihanna in?
what year did the detroit pistons win the championship with a score of 4 -0?
what countries border the country where the punitive language is  pauserna ''?
what languages are spoken in the circulation are of the newspaper, aurora de chile?
who influenced whitman0?
what continent is the country where faroese is spoken?
what currency is used in the country that has the government body called the puerto rican cabinet?
what movie, classified as cartoon pornography, did rihanna star in?
what language is spoken in the setting of the movie  speed 2 : cruise control? ?
which politician influenced antoni gaud and was a member of the social democratic federation?
what country bordering bolivia that has the largest army?
what was the earliest released movie that liam hemsworth played in?
where did the actor that played the character, roger moore0, live?
what country has standard tibetan as the official language?
what university with the largest number of postgraduates did caroline kennedy attend?
what sports team founded earliest did ronaldo play for in 2010?
who was the subject of the movie  shakespeare in love '' and influenced arthur miller?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the egyptian mau breed?
where is the home of the artist nominated for an award for  usher ''?
what continent is the location where the movie  defamation '' takes place?
what university with the largest number of postgraduates did theodor schwann attend?
what movie edited by scott hales did lucy hale star in?
what currency is used in the location where the movie  princess protection program '' takes place?
what is nicolas cage's son?
what shows did the actor that played the character joey lawrence0 play in?
what countries border the country where cerveza nacional pacea beer is produced?
what state was the actor that played the character, ronald reagan, governor of?
what team does the subject of the image  chris paul '' play for?
what country with a country calling code greater than 223 does the niger river flow through?
what movies produced by walt disney pictures did miley cyrus play in?
what movie was lucy hale in that eddie mccarthy was a crew member of?
what country is the location of the movie  starting over ''?
who is the current leader of the country where harbin beer is made?
who was the person who influenced william shakespeare and also influenced by seneca the younger?
where did the person who said  college isn't the place to go for ideas '' go to school?
what is the actor that played cal trask?
what state with a symbol that was adapted after colorado2 is littleton, colorado?
what children's literatures were written by the artist nominated for an award for  gregor the overlander ''?
what sports team founded after 1966 did reggie bush play for?
what was f. scott fitzgerald famous for?
what language is spoken in native americans in the united states and is also spoken in the fictional universe buffyverse?
what movie written by evan goldberg did rihanna star in?
who influenced john ashbery and influenced roy lichtenstein?
what movie directed by alex proyas did liam hemsworth play in?
what are the major sports in the country where none4 beer is produced?
what movie produced by chip rosenberg did alyson stoner star in?
what currency is used in the country with prime minister of tunisia?
who played leia organaaaaa in star wars holiday special?
what movie produced by jay baruchel did rihanna star in?
what form of government is used in the country where domari language is spoken?
where is the location of the film district 9?
what movies released after october 21, 2008 did alyson stoner play in?
what type of cancer did the actor that played the character nicole sims die of?
what movie starring miley cyrus that had music by john debney?
what character does the composer of  sk8ter boi '' play in over the hedge?
who is the current governor of the state that has a governmental body called tennessee department of agriculture?
what country bordering bolivia that has the largest country calling code?
what is the subject of the movie senna?
what harry potter movies were directed by mike newell?
what language is spoken in the country where dreher classic beer is produced?
what state was the actor that played in the film recognition of the japanese zero governor?
what country has arabic language and azerbaijani as a spoken language?
what type of government is used in both bulgaria and mongolia?
what city is joey king from and is the birthplace of john sciarra?
what type of art is done by the actor who played in the film  as far as love can go ''?
where is the birthplace of the artist nominated for laundry service?
what currency is used in the country that has the senate of puerto rico?
who did the cleveland browns draft that had fewer than 1 passing attempts?
what is ellen dow famous for?
which country that flows through nigeria has the largest army?
who is the actor that played in the film  bush ''?
what country that speaks domari language exports to egypt?
what currency is used in the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is produced?
what was the most recently released movie that lucy hale starred in?
who is the jonas brothers?
what disease does joan crawford have?
what languages are spoken in the place where the molossus breed originated?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper the stranger is circulated?
what country did the subject of the film  on the trail of bin liden '' come from?
what movie did rihanna play in that was decorated by scott mccarthy?
what form of government is used in the government of egypt?
what language is spoken in japan and the kingdom of great britain?
what disease did the artist nominated for  Possessed '' have?
what school founded earliest did theodor schwann attend?
what currency is used in the country where the film  the quarry '' takes place?
what form of government is used in the place where the azawakh breed originated?
where is the governmental jurisdiction where jim kopshever holds office?
what time zone is tulsa international airport in?
what was the name of the peer of noble who influenced william shakespeare?
what was the occupation of the person who said  suspense is worse than disappointment ''?
what movie directed by liam hemsworth that liam hemsworth starred in?
what currency is used in the country that has a governmental office holder named raila odinga?
what are the best places to visit in the setting of the movie  madrid6 ''?
who played the parent of sophoe cuckoo?
what harry potter movies were written by michael goldenberg?
what is there to do in the location where the film  salt lake city : the life of nephi '' takes place?
what countries border the country where kallawaya is spoken?
what movie starring miley cyrus was released latest?
where does the actor that played the character jack fate live?
what country has sotho as the official language and has sotho as the official language?
where is the giza necropolis located?
who is the current leader of the circulation area of the newspaper reference news?
what language is spoken in the setting of the movie  holiday in the sun? ?
where did the author of  the eden court '' die?
which of the writers who influenced arthur miller believed in the church of england?
what is the most recently opened attraction in manchester, england?
who was a peer of edward burne-jones and influenced antoni gaud?
what country has a acting prime minister and is a member of north atlantic treaty organization ( nato )?
who did scarlett johansson marriage?
what country is the birthplace of fictional character sayid jarrah and has arabic language as the language?
what currency is used in the country where south african english is spoken?
what tv show with the smallest number of seasons did joey lawrence star in?
what is the state motto of the state that held the 2010 senate election in kentucky?
what currency is used in the place where the sokoke breed originated?
what form of government is practiced in both brazil and brazil?
what language do afghanistan speak?
what country is the fictional universe jojo's bizarre adventure and has arabic language as the language?
what instrument is played by the actor who played in the movie  new york ''?
who is the current leader of the country with the coat of arms of mexico?
what country has the largest country calling code and speaks arabic language?
who is the current leader of the country where harbin beer is made?
who was vice president under barack obama?
what exhibition venues in manchester, england?
what taoism religion text was influenced by liang qichao?
what language is spoken in the country that has a position called president of hungary?
what language is spoken in the country with the position title chairman of the communist party of china?
what country did the egyptian mau breed originate from?
what is the name of the country that makes cerveceria modelo corona light beer?
what language is spoken by the navajo indians and the republic of ireland?
what currency is used in the country that makes gilroy favourite beer?
what currency is used in the setting of the movie  vietnam, long time coming? ?
who was the public speaker who spoke about anti apartheid?
who was the secretary of state when the president was elected?
what is there to do in the location where the film  boy culture '' takes place?
what are the major sports in the country where the east african shilling is used as currency?
what exhibition venue in seattle, nc?
which of the cleveland browns'draft picks has the largest passing attempts?
what organization owned by news corporation is run by rupert murdoch?
who was the politician that influenced walton whitman to become president?
what movie edited by chris vivzon did miley cyrus star in?
what movie edited by chris vivzon did miley cyrus play in?
what movies in the harry potter series were produced by warren bros. entertainment?
who is the brother of the artist nominated for awards for  angelina jolie0 ''?
who is the actor that played the character sfx award for best actor?
what country is the author of  the audacity of hope '' from?
what country is the author of  the audacity of hope '' from?
what is the state motto of kentucky?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the schipperke breed?
what county is home to kevin johnson and has a governmental office holder named sacramento county?
what language is spoken in the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhu jiang beer beer beer is produced?
what country has a symbol of thistle and trades with china?
what celebrity, who was a member of judaism, did john f. kennedy date?
what movie, starring liam hemsworth, featured music by aaron zigman?
what time zone is used in texas and the strathmore ( d.j. murray ) airport?
who was vice president under barack obama?
what form of government is used in the country where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is produced?
where was napoleon bonaparte buried?
what tv show with the smallest number of episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what type of government is practiced in both the kingdom of prussia and japan?
what is the state affected by the cyclone 1848 that is the place to visit in florida?
what movie did rihanna and emma watson play in?
in which continent is the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental body named knesset located?
what team did santi cazorla play for that had thierry henry?
what is there to do in sydney, nc, that opened after november 19, 1973?
what was the subject of the work john paul jones : a study of military combatants?
what movie starring rihanna that had a casting director named rihanna?
what airport is closest to the city where the saint lucian creole french language is spoken?
what was the title of the emperor who was ruled by consane xi palaiologos?
where does the actor who played in the film  border crossing '' live?
what is the title of the secretary of state for the author of historia viva?
what city is home to bob dylan and is the birthplace of larry fitzgerald?
what country has arabic language as the official language and contains the second level division zonguldak province?
what did the artist nominated for hot stuff die of?
what team that plays in emirates stadium did santi cazorla play for in 2012?
what state adapted its symbol after none2 and is home to laura ingalls wilder?
what movies did the person who said  pink isn't just a color, it's an attitude '' play in?
who influenced the author of  dirge for two veterans ''?
what is the earliest established park to see in salt lake city, nc?
what is the abrahamic religion?
which of the harry potter movies was released latest?
what currency is used in the circulation area of the newspaper zhivoye dyelo?
what character born in mexico does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what harry potter movies are part of the harry potter series?
what type of government is practiced in the country with the capital of coimbra?
what is the earliest opened structure to see in staten island, nc?
what is the exhibition venue in madrid that opened the latest?
what type of art is created by the person who said  have no fear of perfection - you ll never reach it. ?
what atlete was the cleveland browns draft pick?
what is the time zone of the location where the movie  girls girls girls girls '' takes place?
what country has a country calling code greater than 423 and speaks liechtenstein?
what book written by charles darwin that was written by michael behe?
which politician influenced by abraham lincoln0 was elected president after 1854?
where is the university of south carolina located that has a symbol that was adapted earliest?
who was the president of france in 2009 and ended their governmental position after april 23, 2009?
what taoism religion text is in the chinese classics?
what are the three missouri houses of representatives?
who was the first president of france in 2012?
what sports team in canada was founded first?
who is the current leader of china 2011?
who is the brother of the actor who played the character james haven?
what was adolf hitler's parent's name?
where did laura ingalls wilder live that has a nominal gdp of the united states dollar?
what psychiatrist influenced wilhelm würtman?
what countries does the place where the double-nosed andean tiger hound originated, border?
who was the person who influenced william shakespeare and died from poisoning?
what form of government is practiced in the country that has yury chaika in office?
where does héctor camacho live, that is the location of baxter building?
where is the university of south carolina located that has a county named richland county?
what instrument invented by adolphe sax did bela fleck and the fecktones play?
what stop motion movie did rihanna star in?
where is the giza necropolis located, and has the largest army?
what currency is used in the country where the drever breed originated?
what team founded after none2 did warren moon play for?
what writer, who was buried in cimet parisien de bagneux, influenced walton whitman?
what movie in spanish did lucy hale play in?
what currency is used in the country with the government position president of cuba?
what continent is the country where the greenlandic language is spoken?
what country has the official symbol of north to the future?
what movie decorated by james edward ferrell jr. did liam hemsworth play in?
what religion in the united kingdom was founded by guru nanak dev?
where does héctor camacho live that has a neighborhood named inwood?
what did the commander in chief of home forces die of?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
what type of art does salvador del dal do?
what is the attraction in seattle that has more than 6 floors?
what country has arabic language as the official language and has berber as an official language?
what time zone is the area where the newspaper the times-pacyune is circulated?
what is the name of the main train station in the city where the government of san francisco is located?
which politician influenced by walton whitman ended his/her government position the earliest?
what type of art was done by the subject of the film  vincent van gogh : painted with words ''?
what form of government is used in the place that has the supreme court of chile?
who was the president of france in 2010?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship?
what country is the subject of the film  houston rockets '' and trades with china?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and was the actor that played in the film around the world in 80 days?
what language is spoken in the place that has the supreme court of chile?
what form of government is practiced in the country where the fijian language is spoken?
what is there to do where the newspaper xpress is circulated?
where was the subject of the movie  bonaparte and the revolution '' buried?
what movie directed by wes craven did lucy hale play in?
who was the 2010 governor of the state with the official symbol of protographium marcellus?
what movie, filmed in spanish, did alyson stoner play in?
what is the most recently released film that rihanna starred in?
what is the name of the governmental body that has a governmental body named the san francisco board of supervisors?
who was the politician that influenced walton whitman to become president?
what is there to do where the newspaper emirates business 24/7 is circulated?
what country has ch as its internet domain and is where switzerland0 is spoken?
what currency is used in the country where the federal government of mexico is located?
where is the sports team that plays in pitt stadium?
what language do people speak in the bahamas?
what language do people speak in finland?
what is the venue with the largest capacity in sydney?
what country has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol of a unicorn?
where is the sports team that plays in three rivers stadium?
what was laura ingalls wilder famous for?
what currency is used in the setting of the movie  into the arms of strangers : stories of the kindertransport? ?
what currency is used in the setting of the film iris?
what is there to do in florida?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper  the phnom penh post '' is circulated?
what is the title of the secretary of state for the author of  living history ''?
what exhibition venue in sydney, british columbia opened earliest?
what was the earliest released film that lucy hale starred in?
what type of music does the actor that played in the film  wiz on down the road '' sing?
where did the author of  adam smith : the birth and the place of origin '' grow up?
what character did the artist nominated for awards for  shrek 2 '' play in the music of richard rodgers?
what is the most recent film released by liam hemsworth?
where is the giza necropolis located, and the country that makes al a sakara king beer?
what country has the largest country calling code and speaks arabic language?
where is the university of south carolina located, and the neighborhood eau claire?
what country is the birthplace of joey king and also the birthplace of tee sanders?
what continent is the country where the kriol language is spoken?
what was albert einstein famous for?
which of the teams for which tom brady played was founded first?
what country is the city of sporting located in?
which person who influenced walter whitman died earliest?
who is the 2010 governor of the state with an official symbol of agriculture and commerce?
where did the author of  the eden court '' die?
who plays jason morgan on the tv program with the theme song  general hospital theme song ''?
who played kirk and also wrote the film star trek v : the final frontier?
what movie was produced by nelson coates and featured miley cyrus?
on what continent is the location that appointed dean barrow to a governmental position located?
what currency is used in the country where the politics of sweden is located?
what is the artist nominated for  let's move! ''?
what movie filmed in new york city did miley cyrus star in?
what are the three-toed box turtles in the state?
who is the current leader of the circulation area for legal daily?
what team did the actor who played in the movie  computer geek # '' play for?
what character does liv tyler play in lord of the rings?
what person who influenced antoni gaud died earliest?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and died in chichester?
what movie directed by scott meehan did miley cyrus play in?
what country is a major trading partner of china and has a population of less than 900?
what movie directed by andrew max cahn did lucy hale play in?
what state was the united states ambassador to lesotho governor of?
what taoism text was influenced by jorge luis borges?
what was the earliest released movie starring alyson stoner?
what country that has harlingen, friesland as a second level division in the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) is part of?
what to do in madrid?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
what is the most recently opened attraction to see in seattle, nc?
what movie was rihanna in that rick stratton was a crew member of?
what form of government is practiced where the malian franc is used as currency?
what state is the location of the film  shoot 'em up ''?
what was the earliest inauguration date that lincoln was abraham lincoln0?
which of the sports teams for which tom brady played was founded first?
on what continent is the government of costa rica located?
what type of government is practiced by both the kingdom of spain and philip ii of spain?
what type of music does the music producer of sometimes late at night perform?
what is the capital of the country where the berber languages are spoken?
what is the most recently established place to see in salt lake city, arizona?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and died in beverly?
what harry potter movies were produced by david heyman?
who was antoni gaud peer who also influenced elizabeth siddal?
who was the person who influenced abraham lincoln0 and also influenced by abraham lincoln0?
what type of government does dominica have?
where was the battle of shiloh, and the location adapted its symbol earliest?
what character does mila kunis play in the tv program with the family guy theme song?
where is the body of water located under the murray baker bridge located?
who was buried in westwood village memorial park cemetery and influenced andy warhol?
where is the beginning of the river that flows through songo, mozambique?
who was elizabeth taylor marriage to?
what university did the speaker at the march on washington for jobs and freedom attend?
what countries does the river that flows through bamako flow through?
what language is spoken in the place where the mui breed originated?
who influenced the person who said  i am a deeply superficial person? ?
what character does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what team that plays in istanbul didier drogba play for in 2012?
what is the zip code of the location where the movie  battle hymn '' takes place?
what language do they speak in egypt?
who played claire in the movie with the theme song  lost ''?
who was the comedian who played kirk?
what country is the person who won the voice ( u ) - season 2?
what movie starring alyson stoner that was produced by alec hammond?
what type of cancer did audrey hepburn died of?
what person who influenced arthur miller was born in colonus?
what is the title of the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness?
what are the three missouri houses?
what language family does english fall into?
what harry potter movies are in the harry potter series that are in the language of harry potter?
where was the battle of shiloh, and the state tree, located?
what language is spoken in the country where the government of egypt is located?
where is the giza necropolis located that was the subject of the french revolutionary wars?
what state is the fictional character fiona coyne from?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that was involved in the gulf war?
what movie edited by paul ruther was rihanna in?
what country did the speaker in the 2012 state of the union address speak from?
what continent is the country that publishes the newspaper haaretz located in?
what year did arsenal f.c. win the fa cup?
what movie written by seth rogen did rihanna star in?
what instrument does the actor that played in the movie  deep sea 3d '' play?
what is the name of the speaker who spoke about education reform?
what state has an official symbol of american paddlefish?
what time zone is the district represented by john d. waihee ii?
what psychoanalyst influenced watson whitman?
what is the state motto of kentucky?
what are the best places to visit in the area that has the dubai6 neighborhood?
what time zone is tulsa international airport in?
who was the 2010 florida gubernatorial election winner?
where did the author of  laura ingalls wilder : the 7 day theory '' live?
what movie, filmed in los angeles, featured miley cyrus?
who were the parents of the politician who appointed reich governor?
what was the subject of the prime of miss jean brondie's job?
what character does none0 play in the tv program with the theme song  family guy theme song? ?
where did the author of  the eden court '' die?
who is the president of france in 2012?
what language is spoken in the country that makes harbin beer?
what language family is used in the country where kenosha is spoken?
who was the president of the country that speaks brahui?
what language is spoken in australia and the fictional universe buffyverse?
what time zone is the state of missouri state?
who was elizabeth taylor marriage to?
what is the exhibition venue in madrid that opened earliest?
who was the author of music for chameleons and also influenced andy warhol?
what is the name of the main train station in the city of san francisco?
what is the attraction in madrid that has the batman : la fuga ride?
what character born in austin does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what state is the fictional universe regenesis located in?
what form of government is practiced in the country where doric greek is spoken?
where did the author of  the eden court '' die?
on what continent is the location that contains the second level division la uni3n?
who played riley finn on buffy the vampire slayer?
what language is spoken in the country where cerveza colonos del llanquihue lager premium artesanal beer is produced?
which of the founders of the afl died earliest?
who was the wife of the author of antony and cleopatra?
what to do in manchester england?
what country has the official symbol of picea sitchensis?
what religion in canada has jesus christ as a deity?
what are the colors of the team that plays at university of phoenix stadium?
who was the person who influenced abraham lincoln0 to become president?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper legal daily?
who was influenced by jacques lacan and also influenced by watman whitman?
what is the manchester united f.c..?
what jobs did the politician that held the legislative session of the benjamin franklin0 do?
what type of music does the music producer of silk electric perform?
what currency is used in the place where the chihuahua breed originated?
what character born in austin does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
which politician influenced by walton whitman died first?
what languages are spoken where the chilean escudo is used as currency?
what currency is used in the country where the tsonga language is spoken?
where did the commander in chief of home forces die?
which of the cleveland browns'passing attempts has fewer than 86 passing attempts?
who influenced the actor that played in the movie  normal love ''?
what team did the football player that was purchased by real madrid c.f. play for in 2010?
what country has the official symbol of leo belgicus and has german as an official language?
what language do the hopi people speak?
what movies did lucy hale play in that are from the united states of america?
where did bob dylan live that was also the location of the tv program malibu?
what currency is used in the country where brahma bock beer is produced?
what was the author of  i dream 'd i lay where flow'rs were springing ''?
what is the mascot of the university that has joshua lyman as a grad student?
who was arthur miller influenced by?
what currency is used in the location where the movie  justine '' takes place?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
who played leia organaaaaaa in the film  postcards from the edge ''?
who started volvo cars?
what was the inauguration of the public speaker who spoke about egalitarianism?
who was the author of ivanhoe that influenced walton whitman?
which of the cleveland browns'draft picks has the largest passing attempts?
who played saruman in the film with the soundtrack  the lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring ''?
which of the jonas brothers'newest relationships ended a relationship earliest?
what movies released after october 17, 2009 did miley cyrus play in?
what time zone is the state of the state with american paddlefish as its official symbol?
what state has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after the year 1939 and includes the university of south carolina?
who played darth vader in the film with the soundtrack classic fm : star wars suite and other great film music?
what religion in canada has a deity named the none0?
where is the start of the body of water that flows under dona ana bridge?
what movie written by melissa rivers did alyson stoner star in?
what country is a major trading partner of china and has a capital city called khartoum?
what type of cancer did the actor that played in the movie breakfast at tiffany's die of?
who was the president of france in 2011 that held the national assembly?
what was the subject of the movie  the love of robert burns '' famous for?
who was marriage to the actress who played in the movie  buterfield 8 ''?
what movies in the harry potter series did richard harris play in?
who was john f. kennedy's wife that wrote my story?
what tv show with the smallest number of episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what form of government does the country that contains brazil have?
what is the attraction in seattle that has more than 6 floors?
what team with a roster of less than 78 players did reggie bush play for?
who was the united states secretary of state and influenced by walton whitman?
what currency is used in the country with coat of arms that is the seal of the mexico?
what movie starring alyson stoner that was released in germany?
what currency is used in the country affected by the cyclone tropical depression two-e?
what currency is used in the jurisdiction where the legislative session of the 15th cabinet of puerto rico was held?
what language family does english fall under?
what country does the fictional character tutankhamun live in?
who was the actor that played prince hamlet's wife?
what was jonathan swift's first job?
what team that plays in the miami metropolitan area did reggie bush play for?
what are the best places to visit in the area that has the emirates hills neighborhood?
what movie starring rihanna that was edited by colby parker?
what art style was the visual artist that created the art series of butterflies?
what language is spoken in greece and was also the language of the roman empire?
what killed the actor who played in the movie  whitney houston : a song for you live ''?
what movie decorated by gary fettis did alyson stoner play in?
what event sponsored by covergirl did shawn johnson win?
what character born in mexico does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
who played jason morgan on general hospital?
what is there to do in the location where the movie  luna park sydney : wild life '' takes place?
what type of government does the kingdom of portugal have?
where does the actor who played in the film  new york '' live?
who started visteon?
who are the peer of andy warhol and also influenced by?
who did the actor that was the nominee of the theatre world award marriage?
what athlete born in kenya is from kenya?
what did the politician who was appointed by paul von hindenburg die of?
what is the taoism text that fu xi wrote?
what state was the film  stand by me '' filmed in?
what is the most popular attraction in salt lake city, nc?
what is the place that has the supreme court of florida?
what country has arabic language as the official language and contains the second level division of adana province?
what was caesar augustus known for?
what country is the home of the fictional character batman and is also the place where the fictional character batman lived?
what was the name of adolf hitler's parent who died earliest?
what year did the actor who played in the movie  computer geek # '' get drafted?
what type of music does the litigant in the trial of michael jackson have?
who is the coach of the team that plays in m & t bank stadium?
who played claire in the multipart episodes  the incident ( lost ) ''?
what coming of age movie did alyson stoner play in?
what currency is used in the country where the government of south africa is located?
who is the actor that played the character konstane?
what type of cancer did the actor that played in the film  the best of donna summer : the dvd collection '' die of?
who is the leader of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhu jiang beer beer beer is produced?
who played darth vader in the film that scott mccarthy was a crew member of?
what type of government is practiced in the country with the capital of coimbra?
what movie about naval battle did rihanna star in?
which of the sports teams for which reggie bush played was founded first?
what was laura ingalls wilder famous for?
who was the american football player that started the american football league?
what country that has the niger river flowing through has a governmental office holder named acting prime minister?
what is the location of the morgan entertainments company?
who played steffy forrester on the show with the theme song  the bold and the beautiful ''?
what form of government is used in the place where the samoyed breed originated?
what language is spoken in the bahamas and kenosha?
what continent is the country that has the seselwa creole french language as an official language?
what currency is used in the country that held the legislative session of the 16th cabinet of puerto rico?
what influenced the author of  william shakespeare2 ''?
what coming of age movie did alyson stoner play in?
who was the person who influenced william howard taft to become president?
what team did cristiano ronaldo and michael essien play for in 2010?
who was the actor that contributed to the story of the movie  teklords '' and played kirk?
what country has the smallest army and speaks luxembourg?
what is the holy book of the religion that has a deity named elder zhuangzi?
what form of government is practiced in the country where the chilean escudo is used as currency?
what time zone is the state of hawaii in 2010?
who does the voice for chucky in child's play?
what is the name of the power of the parent of samuel wilder?
who played dorothy gale in the film that holly bane was a crew member of?
what movie starring alyson stoner that has a prequel called step up 2 : the streets?
what team did the football player that was purchased by real madrid c.f. play for in 2010?
what type of cancer did audrey hepburn died of?
what language is spoken where the currency abasi is used?
what movies in english has miley cyrus been in?
what movie did miley cyrus and christina nixon play in?
who played leia organaaaa and was nominated for the best screenplay, adapted award?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
who wrote  the charles darwin2 '' and also wrote grant allen?
what was the first team that warren moon played for?
where did bob dylan live that was also the location of the tv program malibu?
where is the location of the government of the republic of seychelles?
what country is the birthplace of fictional character sayid jarrah and has arabic language as the language?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in the united kingdom?
what movie released to blu-ray disc did miley cyrus play in?
what countries have arabic language as the language and were involved in the iran–iraq war?
what years did arsenal win the fa cup?
what is the venue with the largest capacity in sydney?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper akhbar el-yom?
who played darth vader in the film that hayden christensen was a crew member of?
where is the currency ake used?
who is the current leader of the circulation area of the newspaper reference news?
who played saruman in the film that chris lee was a crew member of?
what is the name of the islamic religion?
what tv show with fewer than 2 seasons did joey lawrence star in?
what was the person who marcus vitruvius pollio dedicated his work known for?
who was the author of the story of the glittering plain and also influenced antoni gaud?
what language is spoken in the country that contains najdi arabic4?
what is the time zone of the location where the movie  blue hawaii '' takes place?
what form of government is used in the country where kazak language is spoken?
what movie decorated by scott hales that starred lucy hale?
what is the name of the train station in the city of san francisco?
what movie produced by alex proyas did liam hemsworth play in?
what was the job of the librarian '' -g2 of the librarian '' -g2 who published editions for poor richard's almanac of 1757?
what languages are spoken in the country where the film  no more smoke signals '' takes place?
what type of art does salvador del dal do?
what team did tom brady play for that was also a team at university of michigan?
who was the actor that played boss hogg's voice in the tv show with the theme song  theme from the dukes of hazzard ( good ol' boys ) ''
who was marriage to the person who held the united states senate?
what is a place to visit in new york city?
what organization did rupert murdoch own that acquired mushroom mushrooms?
where is midlothian, scotland, where the school of witchcraft and wizardry is located?
who was the speaker who spoke about egalitarianism and influenced by abraham lincoln?
who was the person that the united states congress dedicated their work to?
what language is spoken in the bahamas and is also the language of the fictional universe buffyverse?
who was the 2008 state senator of tennessee?
who played darth vader in the film with the soundtrack classic fm : star wars suite and other great film music?
what movie written by nicholas sparks did miley cyrus play in?
who was the actor who played kirk and was born in c te saint-luc?
what language is spoken in the country where tutankhamun lived?
what team from minneapolis did warren moon play for?
what artist who influenced andy warhol died in neuilly-sur-seine?
what type of government does fiji have?
what was the actor that played in the film limp bizkit : kick some @$$ : unauthorized?
what form of government does gebel elba have?
where did the author of  leonard '' live?
what was galileo galilei2's academic advisor famous for?
where is the beginning of the body of water that flows under chirundu bridge?
what currency is used in the country with official symbol of coqu?
what exhibition venue in sydney, british columbia opened earliest?
what type of government is used in bosnia and herzegovina?
what is the title of the chief justice of the court that includes william johnson?
what art style is the visual artist that created the hospital in arles?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper avui is circulated?
what sports team does telus sponsor?
on what continent is the location that contains the second level division ls municipality?
where does sam shepard live that has a county named washington county?
what movies that miley cyrus starred in are in the genre animation?
what is the religion of the religion that uses taoism0?
where is the tiger salamander river located?
what country with a country calling code greater than 234 does the nigeria river flow through?
what country with the largest country calling code does the nigeria river flow into?
who wrote the comedy of erros and influenced arthur miller?
who did the cleveland browns draft that had 0 passing attempts?
who is the state governor of tennessee?
what type of cancer did the actor that played in the movie, dutch in seven lessons, die of?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
who influenced whitman0?
what language is spoken in the place where the puli breed originated?
who was the governor of the state affected by the cyclone 1848?
what fantasy was created by the author of  charles darwin in cyberspace? ?
what state has an official symbol of fossil and is home to littleton, ohio?
what movies in the harry potter series have music by nicholas hooper?
what television shows did joey lawrence play in?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the malinois breed?
what team did the subject of the film cristiano ronaldo : tested to the limit play for in 2010?
what peer of desiderius erothy influenced william shakespeare?
what was the earliest published work that charles darwin wrote?
what movie written by candace bushnell did miley cyrus star in?
where was the person who sponsored covergator born?
what cartoon movies has miley cyrus been in?
what is the most popular attraction in salt lake city, nc?
what currency is used in the country where ridna marka pshenychne weissbier etalon beer is produced?
what movie, starring alyson stoner, is in the genre  animate cartoon? ?
what was the job of the librarian '' -g2 of the librarian '' -g2 who published editions for poor richard's almanac of 1757?
what country is the state of the state that held the 2010 alaska senate election in alaska?
what year did the subject of the film jordan rides the bus come in the nba?
what peer of michael crichton influenced roy lichtenstein?
what movie directed by elliott glick did miley cyrus play in?
what speculative fiction book did emily dickinson write?
what was the last world series won by the team that plays in the bronx?
who was the vice president when the speaker who spoke about energy development was killed?
which politician influenced by abraham lincoln died first?
what movie was nominated for an award for the whole cast and featured miley cyrus?
what actor played johnny kapahala : back on board?
what country is the state of the state that held the 2008 alaska senate election in alaska?
who was the president of the country affected by the cyclone tropical depression two-e?
what is the name of the main train station in the city of san francisco?
what venue in sydney has the largest venue capacity?
what country is the fictional universe jojo's bizarre adventure and has arabic language as the language?
what movies does liam hemsworth play in that are in the genre of thriller?
what movies produced by alyson stoner that were produced by alyson sacks?
what movies that are in the genre of animation did alyson stoner play in?
what was albert einstein famous for?
what sports team has a midfielder on its roster?
what language is spoken in the country that has a vice premier of the people's republic of china?
what is the name of the main train station in the place where the fictional character mr. wong lived?
who was the president of france in 2011?
what movie starring lucy hale has a prequel named scream 3?
who was the member of the order of st. olav and also influenced arthur miller?
what movie was produced by dennis gassner and featured miley cyrus?
what language is spoken in the country that makes sinebrychoff kaura beer?
what currency is used in the country where the government of ukraine is located?
who is the actor that played the character gavin rossdale0?
what tv show with the smallest number of episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what country is the radio station vatican radio in?
what coming of age movie did lucy hale play in?
what movie was decorated by liam hemsworth and featured liam hemsworth?
which of the football players who were drafted by the none4 have fewer than 1 passing attempts?
who was the speaker at the fourth joint debate at cardiff who influenced walton whitman?
what currency is used in the country where the ukrainian karbovanets are used?
what country ruled by christopher of bavaria is where the language is spoken?
what movies did the artist nominated for awards for  none4 '' play in?
what was jonathan swift's profession?
what movie was liam hemsworth in that rob nokes was a crew member of?
where did the academic advisor of galileo galilei2 attend?
what movie filmed in hamilton did alyson stoner star in?
who plays brian austin green on the tv show with the theme song  oh, that's it? ?
who played darth vader in the film with the soundtrack star wars episode i : the phantom menace?
what is the place that is the place that is the setting of the fictional universe xanth?
what currency is used in the country where the government of costa rica is located?
who was the speaker at the third joint debate at jonesboro and influenced by?
where does the music producer of bob dylan live?
what is the state with the official symbol of  in god we trust ''?
who is the actor that was the winner of the venice film festival upstream prize for best actress?
what are the best things to do in the place that has the cuatro vientos neighborhood?
what biography did charles darwin and charles darwin2 produce?
what religion founded by gautama buddhisma is practiced in australia?
what is the power of the parent of coop?
where was the artist nominated for awards for  how great thou art '' raised?
what form of government is practiced in the place where tutankhamun lived?
who is the current governor of the state with the official motto  in god we trust ''?
what country does the nigeria river flow through?
what religion in the united kingdom was founded by sarah?
what language is spoken in the country that has althing?
what currency is used in the country where jamaican english is spoken?
what state is the neighborhood oakwood–vaughan located in?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental body called state administration of foreign exchange?
what person who was born in newton was a member of bush?
what language do native americans speak that is spoken by the navajo indians?
what type of government does the kingdom of portugal have?
what country has power plug type c and speaks arabic language?
what is the smallest building in dubai that has more than 26 floors?
who played nicholas newman in the film with the theme song nadia's theme?
who was the first president of france in 2012?
what currency is used in the country with official symbol of ceiba pentandra?
what state was ronald reagan governor of?
who was the 2012 state of the union address speaker?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in australia?
what form of government does russia have?
what movie, produced by scott hales, featured lucy hale?
what year did the detroit pistons beat the portland trail blazers in the nba finals?
where does the music producer of christmas in the heart live?
what movie written by nicholas sparks did liam hemsworth play in?
what country that has the second level division of echt-susteren is part of north atlantic treaty organization ( nato )?
who does the voice for chucky in child's play?
where is the city of the circulation area of the newspaper columbine community courier?
what is anderson silva?
who did the cleveland browns draft that had the smallest number of passing attempts?
what movies did the actor that played miley cyrus0 play in?
what language is used in the fictional universe view askewniverse?
which of the 2012 nfl quarterbacks with fewer than 108 passing attempts has a passing attempt statistic of less than 108?
who was the public speaker who spoke about the berlin wall?
what sports team founded after 1966 did reggie bush play for?
what exhibition venue in powerhouse museum?
what is the capital city of the state that held the 2008 united states senate election in montana?
who is the current governor of the state where the fictional universe xanth is located?
who was the illinois house speaker who influenced walton whitman?
what type of government does the kingdom of portugal have?
what is the religion founded by the laoism religion?
what currency is used in the country where the poltava breed originated?
what did the actor that played the character julia biggs die of?
what sports team owned by the subject of the film  the house of steinbrenner ''?
who played saruman in the film that stephen regeous was a crew member of?
what was the speaker in 2012 state of the union address?
where does the artist nominated for an award for  bob dylan '' live?
what movie decorated by lydia marks did miley cyrus play in?
what language do the black irish speak?
what country is barack obama from?
what type of government does the kingdom of portugal have?
what countries does the river that flows through mali flow through?
what currency is used in the country affected by the cyclone named hurricane jose?
who played darth vader in the film that hayden christensen was a crew member of?
who was the person that said  kirk4 '' and played by which actor?
what stop motion movie did miley cyrus play in?
what team that plays in the miami metropolitan area did reggie bush play for?
what was the inauguration of the person who the united states congress dedicated their work?
what is the name of the islamic author who wrote  muhammad al-bukhari ''?
what type of thriller movie did rihanna star in?
who played jason morgan in the movie  cybertracker ''?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion whose founding figure is muhammad in islam in islam in islam?
where does bob dylan live that has a government office holder named mayor of minneapolis?
where does joey king live that has a neighborhood called paradise palms?
what league is the team that plays in lucas oil stadium in?
what currency is used in the location where the movie  the proud and profane '' takes place?
what movie starring rihanna that had cinematography done by brandon trost?
what currency is used where the tunisian franc is used?
who was the author of the two gentlemen of verona who influenced arthur miller?
what form of government is practiced in the country that was involved in the battle of kulikovo?
what language is spoken in the country where icelandic is spoken?
where is the body of water located that flows under the mclugage bridge?
what is the name of the train station in the city of san francisco?
who played irish in the film?
what language do people speak in chile?
what team with a quarterback named tom brady did tom brady play for?
who was the first president of france in 2012?
what engineered language is spoken in australia?
what country has a governmental body named court of session and speaks scottish english?
what form of government is practiced in the country with the ministry of justice?
what movie produced by ben myron did alyson stoner play in?
what television film did lucy hale play in?
who was the none0 in 2011 of france?
what did the subject of the movie 50/50 die of?
who was the vice president of the public speaker who spoke about education reform?
who was the voice actor for the character who was born in tatooine?
what movie was miley cyrus in that was a crew member of eric b. kennedy?
what did charles darwin and his great discovery do about biology?
what form of government is practiced in the place where the araucana breed originated?
what country did the speaker who spoke about education reform come from?
who was the person who influenced abraham lincoln0 and also influenced by abraham lincoln0?
where was the ottoman turkish language spoken?
what is there to do in the place where the fictional character gil chroe lived?
what form of government is practiced in the country where cordoba fighting dog originated?
what country has power plug type c and speaks arabic language?
what is the capital city of the country where the morocco franc is used as currency?
where did bob dylan live that has a county named los angeles county?
what work did the subject of the film  charles darwin in the wilderness '' do?
what shows with a run time of less than 60 minutes have joey lawrence been in?
which person who influenced abraham lincoln0 was president after 1865?
what year did the houston rockets beat the oriole magic in the championship?
who was the actor that played in the film recognition of the japanese zero?
what movie was liam hemsworth in that was nominated for an award with the description  katniss everdeen ''?
what state produces the beer coors light and is also the state of littleton, ohio oh?
what country is the birthplace of the shetland sheepdog?
what languages are spoken in the country where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is produced?
what team did the subject of the film  golden shoes '' play for in 2010?
where did the author of  laura ingalls wilder : the 7 day theory '' live?
who is the current governor of the state with supreme court of florida?
what is the religion founded by taoism2?
what country has arabic language as the language and is the subject of the film twelve disciples of nelson mandela?
who was the political appointee that held the title of u.s. attorney for the northern district of georgia?
who is the actor that played balthazar and also wrote the film  balthazar ''?
what type of government is practiced by both manuel i of portugal and spareta?
who was the first president of france in 2012?
what currency is used in the country that was involved in the battle of kulikovo?
what country is home to laura ingalls wilder and has a senate named united states senate?
where did the politician who was appointed by paul von hindenburg die?
who is the current leader of the country that has the state council of the people's republic of china?
what ocean is liliput and blefuscu located in?
what languages are spoken in the country that contains the second level division corfu?
what is the smallest building in dubai that has more than 26 floors?
what was the last world series won by the team that plays in oriole park at camden yards?
what did charles darwin and his wife did?
who played darth vader in the film that scott mccarthy was a crew member of?
what country did queen victoria rule that appointed the governor general of the province of canada to a governmental position?
what are the two houses of the missouri house of representatives?
what country has power plug type f and speaks arabic language?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
what is the capital of the state with nymphalis antiopa as its official symbol?
what is the capital city of the state with the capital of helena?
what language is spoken in the country with capital of nassau?
what countries that use the west african cfa franc do they flow through?
what form of government is practiced in the country with national anthem argentine national anthem?
what languages are spoken in the country that uses the chilean peso?
what religion in the united kingdom has the bible as a text?
what country contains the cairo governorate and is home to giza necropolis?
what is the mascot of the organization whose leadership includes nicholas s. zeppos?
where is the university of south carolina located?
where did the person who had a brain death live?
what is the occupation of the actor who lived in fairmount?
what country in the central time zone speaks arabic language?
who is the current leader of the country with national anthem himno nacional mexicano?
who did the team with the mascot named cleveland browns0 in 2012?
the country that has the national anthem hatikvah is located in what continent?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion whose text is the sharia religion?
what is the governmental jurisdiction that has rick scott as a governmental office holder?
what language is spoken where the navajo people worship?
what league is the team that won the super bowl xli championship in?
what country is the location of the tv show zola levitt and speaks arabic language?
what is the time zone in the state with the capital of honolulu?
what is the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named jeb bush?
what form of government is used in the country with krasnodar krai?
where is the headquarters of the organization led by rutrut sadler?
what form of government is used in the country with magallanes y la antrtica chilena region?
who was the president of the country with national anthem qaumi taranah?
what movie did rihanna play in that had a character named  battleship ''?
where is the giza necropolis located in the eastern european time zone?
what league is the sports team owned by jim irsay?
what was the person who lived in the grand duchy of toscany famous for?
what team owned by serena williams did reggie bush play for?
what is the mascot of the university that publishes the yale herald?
what currency is used in the country with capital of tunis?
who was the president of france in 2012?
what form of government is practiced in the country that uses the argentina peso?
on what continent is the country that contains cartoga province located?
what type of music does the artist who went on history world tour perform?
who is the 2010 florida governor whose capital is tallahassee?
where does sam shepard live in new york?
on what continent is the country that uses the costa ric colon located?
who influenced the person who once lived at 1342 lexington avenue?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem himno nacional mexicano?
what is the occupation of the famous person who went to state elementary school menteng 01?
what language is spoken in both indonesia and the fictional universe buffyverse?
what tv show with the smallest number of seasons did joey lawrence star in?
what is the earliest opened attraction to see in staten island, nc?
what time zone is the governmental jurisdiction that has the position title mayor of new orleans?
what country speaks welsh and is the birthplace of robert darcy, 4th earl of holderness?
what school did the actor that played in the movie man-up! attend?
what state was joe biden the chief economist and economic policy adviser?
what form of government does fiji have?
what currency is used in the country where the chicomuceltec language is spoken?
what fantasy movies are in the harry potter series?
where did the speaker at the 1801 presidential inauguration of thomas jefferson die?
what language belonging to the west germanic languages language family is spoken in japan?
who is the current leader of france 2010?
what year did the 2004 nba finals 4 games to 1 to 4?
what time zone is the state where the newspaper honolulu record is circulated?
where does the artist nominated for awards for  new york '' live?
what movie edited by eddie mccarthy did lucy hale play in?
what is there to do in the location where the movie  the passenger '' takes place?
what team that plays in centurylink field did warren moon play for?
what is the capital of the country where morocco arabic is spoken?
what killed the actor who played in the film  whitney houston : the greatest hits ''?
what is nicolas cage's son?
where is the currency kurus used?
what form of government is practiced in the circulation area of the newspaper aurora de chile?
what was the inauguration of the person who was the person whom william howard taft dedicated his work?
where did caroline kennedy go to school?
what was lincoln's inaugural address?
what harry potter movie is a sequel to the harry potter series?
who was the president of the country where the gull terrier breed originated?
where does sam shepard live, and the country that has the nominal gdp of the united states dollar?
what type of government is shared by canada and the birthplace of emanuel lasker?
what movie directed by seth rogen did rihanna star in?
who was the person who influenced arthur miller and said  first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers ''?
who was influenced by arthur miller and also influenced by william godwin?
what was jack london famous for?
what country bordering bolivia that is the birthplace of paddington bear?
which north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) member has the largest country calling code?
what country with a standing army of less than 785000 did the egypt4, located in, have?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship with a score of 4 -0?
what currency is used in the country where santa fe beer factory luna llena beer is produced?
what type of cancer did the actor that played the character jo stockton die of?
what to do in seattle, nc?
what countries have a standing army of less than 2500?
what movie starring alyson stoner that had costumes designed by scott mccarthy?
what is the most recently opened place to see in dubai?
what movie directed by liam hemsworth that had liam hemsworth in it?
what team with a roster of less than 78 players did reggie bush play for?
what language is spoken in indonesia and the tortall universe?
what school in new york city did caroline kennedy attend?
who is the current leader of the country where the chihuahua breed originated?
what type of government is practiced in both japan and austria-hungary?
what continent is israel located?
what currency is used in the country where falcon beer is made?
who was the 2010 florida senator?
what movie produced by brian goldner did rihanna star in?
what language is spoken in the united kingdom and is also spoken in kenosha?
what movie produced by walt disney pictures did alyson stoner star in?
what form of government is practiced in the location where the movie  the motorcycle diaries '' takes place?
who influenced whitman0?
what is the zip code for the location where the movie  the lonely operator '' takes place?
what movie produced by twentieth century fox did alyson stoner play in?
what currency is used in the country that has a governmental body called politics of sweden?
what airport is closest to the city where the cornell pro newspaper is circulated?
who is the president of the country affected by cyclone frank?
what countries have arabic language as the official language and were involved in the military conflict of the iraq6?
what kind of guitar does the artist nominated for an award for  harmony '' play?
what team founded after 1879 did tom brady play for?
what are the three official languages of the country where picard is spoken?
what harry potter movie features the song  magic works ''?
what country did the subject of the film barack obama anak menteng come from?
who was nominated for golden globe award for new star of the year?
what currency is used in the location that contains the second level division cartago?
what movies in the harry potter series did fiona weir direct?
who was the author of lady windermere's fan who influenced walton whitman?
what continent is the place that has the supreme court of israel?
what years did the sports team that plays in arsenal f.c.0 play in the fa cup?
what is the most popular attraction in salt lake city, nc?
what movie produced by mandate pictures did rihanna star in?
what continent is the country that uses the israeli lira as currency?
what movie about dogs did miley cyrus star in?
what language is spoken in the country where the icelandic sheepdog originated?
what member of bush was born in crawley?
what team is santi cazorla on that is sponsored by iberdrola?
what country is barack obama from?
what is the name of the train station in the location where the movie  san francisco 4th and king street '' takes place?
what character does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what is the name of the main train station in the country where anchor steam beer is produced?
where does the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend '' live?
what language is spoken in both the kingdom of great britain and indonesia?
what currency is used where the south african pound is used?
what to do in seattle?
where did héctor camacho live that also has a fictional character named juliet van heuson?
what type of government does canada have?
which peer of fredrich würtman influenced watt whitman?
what type of music does the music producer of silk electric perform?
where was the actor who played in the movie, wimbledon 2007 final : roger federer vs. nada born?
who played kirk?
who was the politician that influenced by walton whitman and ended his/her government position the earliest?
who is the 2010 governor of the state with the official state of sport fish?
what time zone is the state with reef triggerfish as an official symbol?
what was the author of  a modest proposal '' famous for?
what country has a government called the government of the germany?
where does joey king live that has a county named clark county?
where is the headquarters of the company that acquired ducati?
which catholic is the current state senator of the state of maryland?
what movies in the hunger games series did liam hemsworth play in?
where is midlothian, england, that has the gdp nominal gdp of britain?
what country bordering bolivia that contains nova roma?
what movies did the artist nominated for awards for  none4 '' play in?
where was the person who sponsored circuit city born?
what country is the government of alaska located in?
what is the name of the artist nominated for an award for shrek 2?
what actress that played rose oomis was john f. kennedy's wife?
what was the speaker at the march on washington for jobs and freedom known for?
what country is the subject of the film  the dukes of hazzard : the beginning ''?
what did the actor that played in the film  the best of donna summer : the dvd collection '' die of?
what killed the music producer of whitney : the greatest hits?
what movie produced by marianne maddalena did lucy hale play in?
which of the football players who were drafted by the none0 have passing statistics of 0?
what is the most popular attraction in salt lake city, nc?
what is the name of the main train station in the place where the fictional character chloe king lived?
where is the jojo's bizarre adventure?
what are the three official languages of the country with official symbol of leo belgicus?
what to do in sydney?
who is the voice of lois griffin on the tv program with the family guy theme song?
what language is spoken in indonesia and the tortall universe?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the araucana breed?
what is the title of the chief justice of the court that has courthouse of the supreme court building?
what state, with a symbol that was adapted earliest, is littleton, illinois?
what language with the code xloj in the rosetta project is spoken in australia?
what is kenya's sport?
what is the time zone of the affected area of the cyclone tropical storm fabio?
where is midlothian, scotland, that is the location of the scottish government?
what language is spoken in the fictional tortall universe and is also spoken by native american americans in the united states?
where is the south africa province located?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and was a member of the episcopal church?
what is the author of  dreams from my father '' famous for?
who was influenced by girard desargues and also influenced by watson whitman?
what movie produced by universal studios did rihanna star in?
what was the earliest published work that charles darwin and his wife made?
what country is the public speaker who spoke about energy development from?
what currency is used in the circulation area of the newspaper social-demokraten?
what currency is used in the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is produced?
what taoism religion text was influenced by mozi?
who played darth vader in the film that hayden christensen was a crew member of?
who did the cleveland browns draft that started his career the latest?
what religion in canada has ali as a figure?
what country is the person who attended neolani elementary school from?
what form of government is used in the country with the capital of bamako?
who are the current maryland senators that held his governmental position from after january 3, 1977?
what is the official language of the country that uses the jamaican dollar?
who was the vice president under the president who lived in the white house?
what country uses the renminbi as its currency and is also the country of origin for standard tibetan?
what religion in the united kingdom has sulchan aruch as a text?
what country is the artist who went on the concert tour believe tour from?
who is the coach of the team with mascot named poe?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem la la la borinquea?
what is the person who attended harrogate college famous for?
what team with mascot named k. c. wolf did warren moon play for in 2010?
what country has arabic language as the capital and has baghdad as its capital?
where is the location of the governmental jurisdiction where margrethe ii of denmark '' is located?
where is the country that uses sultani as its currency?
what form of government is used in the country with moscow?
what country did the famous person who went to state elementary school menteng 01 come from?
where did laura ingalls wilder live in the mountain time zone?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion whose text is the sunnah?
who is the current leader of the country that uses renminbi as its currency?
what country in the central time zone speaks arabic language?
who is the brother of the famous person who went to william o. schaefer elementary school?
what team that won the super bowl xxxxiv championship did tom brady play for?
where is the country whose capital is dalkeith?
who was the president of the organization that has a president of european unionropean parliament?
what did the famous person who went to pontiac central high school do?
where is the oral fixation tour artist from?
when did jerry buss'sports team win their first championship?
what language is spoken in the location where the show the bride with white hair was filmed?
what team with mascot named s.k. didier drogba play for in 2010?
where is the country whose capital is istanbul located?
what is the religion with the notable figure of laoism?
who does the voice for chucky in child's play?
what country that contains cairo is home to the giza necropolis?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem afghan national anthem?
what type of music does the artist who went on this is it tour perform?
what languages are spoken in the country that has taoyuan county?
where did roger moore live?
who did none2's rookie year start after none2?
what team with mascot named minnesota vikings did warren moon play for in 2010?
where is midlothian, scotland, and the birthplace of the fictional character jack osborne?
what are the best things to do in the location that has an office holder named ana botella?
what harry potter movies were directed by lucinda thomson?
what languages are spoken in the country where the government of belgium is located?
what country has a capital city called khartoum and trades with china?
who was the author of the film metamorphoses and influenced william shakespeare?
what team does the actor that played in the film golden shoes play for?
who was influenced by philip sidney and also influenced william shakespeare?
on what continent is the seychelles nation circulated?
what language is spoken in the country where the tamaskan dog breed originated?
what is the most popular attraction in dubai that has more than 163 floors?
where did the visual artist that created the art series three musicians live?
what currency is used in the circulation area of the newspaper la dépche tunisienne?
who was the person who influenced arthur miller and also influenced by william hazlitt?
what movie did the subject of the image  rihanna '' play in?
who was antoni gaud influenced by bauhaus?
what movie features liam hemsworth and features the song  safe & sound ''?
who played leia organaaaaaa and contributed to the film  postcards from the edge? ?
what year did the actor who played in the film nfl : super bowl xxxix, get drafted?
what language is spoken in the country with state council of the people's republic of china?
what is the most recently established attraction to see in salt lake city, nc?
what is the ethnicity of the actor who played in the movie  the wizards return : alex vs. alex ''?
where does the actor that played in the movie  paradise cove '' live?
what currency is used in the place where the cubalaya breed originated?
what school attended by caroline kennedy was founded first?
what country with a symbol that was adapted after new york4 did sam shepard live in?
what is the zip code of the location where the movie  price of glory '' takes place?
where was the author of  the wealth of nations '' raised?
what movies has the actor that played the character william blakelee been in?
what thriller movie did liam hemsworth play in?
what county is the circulation area of the newspaper minnesota daily?
what is the main train station in the circulation area of the newspaper san francisco call?
what is there to do in the location where the movie  a hobo's christmas '' takes place?
what country is the birthplace of the formosan mountain dog breed?
what did donna summers die of?
what countries that have a country calling code greater than 227 does the niger river flow through?
where did the author of sidereus nuncius attend school?
what movie produced by alloy entertainment did lucy hale play in?
what was the occupation of the person who said  let us do or die? ?
what currency is used in the location of the movie  the treasure of the sierra madre? ?
what is the best place to go in seattle, nc, that is located at 1301 second avenue?
what state was the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend '' governor?
what year did arsenal win the fa cup, where the chelsea f.c.. beat chelsea f.c.?
who is the current leader of the state administration of foreign exchange?
what country has a governmental body named the scottish government?
who is the leader of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhu jiang beer beer beer is produced?
what county is the circulation area of the newspaper  arbeitets ridder ''?
what countries border the country where cerveza ducal beer is produced?
what form of government is practiced in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position president of fiji?
what religion in australia that was featured in the work  siddhartha ''?
what language belonging to the eastern berber languages language family is spoken in egypt?
what harry potter movie was a prequel to harry potter and the philosopher's stone?
who is the current leader of the country that has the communist party of china?
what movie was liam hemsworth in that liam hemsworth was a crew member of?
what country is barack obama from?
who did scarlett johansson marriage?
what did the actor that played the character nina sims die of?
who is the voice of pitter de vries in child's play?
what movies did the actor that played periwinkle play in?
what country did the subject of the film victoria the great rule?
where is the giza necropolis located, and the country's army is the largest?
what did the artist nominated for awards for  i'm your baby tonight '' die of?
what was the occupation of the author who published editions for the world as i see it?
what movies starring liam hemsworth that are from the country of the united states of america?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper el liberal is circulated?
what country is a major trading partner of germany and has the largest country calling code?
what did the reich governor die of?
what tv shows with a run time of less than 30 minutes have joey lawrence been in?
what is the capital city of the state with the official symbol of gold and silver?
who was the president of the state that influenced walton whitman?
what is there to do in barcelona that opened after 1907?
who was the executive producer of the captains and played kirk?
what was the latest released film that lucy hale starred in?
what stop motion movie did lucy hale play in?
what movie starring rihanna that was directed by francine maisler?
who is the brother of the author of  notes from my travels ''?
who was elizabeth taylor marriage to?
who was marriage to none6?
what is the earliest released movie that alyson stoner starred in?
what is barack obama famous for?
what celebrity was john f. kennedy's wife in o. henry's full house?
who inspired the visual artist that created cars?
who was the author of  a doll's house '' and influenced arthur miller?
what event sponsored by circuit city did shawn johnson win?
what is the tall building in seattle, nc, that has more than 40 floors?
what movie directed by aaron haye did rihanna star in?
where is the beginning of the river that flows through sesheke?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship with a score of 4-3?
what movie starring lucy hale that avy kaufman was the film casting director?
what languages are spoken where the greek drachma is used as currency?
where does héctor camacho live, and is the location of peter minuit's family?
what movie produced by kevin williams was lucy hale in?
what language is spoken in the country that makes sinebrychoff karhu ii beer?
what movie was lucy hale in that was produced by gae s. buckley?
what language is spoken in the country that has power plugs of type bs 546?
who were the people that the president who leonard bernstein dedicated his work to?
what language do taiwan people speak?
what movie about alien invasion did rihanna star in?
who is the current governor of the state that has the tennessee supreme court?
what sports team with a roster named striker did santi cazorla play for?
what religion in australia influenced arthur schopenhauer?
who played darth vader in the film that hayden christensen was a crew member of?
what was the job of the librarian '' -g2 of the librarian '' -g2 who published editions for poor richard's almanac of 1757?
what venue in sydney has the largest venue capacity?
what movies did the person who wrote  miley cyrus0 '' play in?
where does the actor that played in the film joey king : live?
what is the name of the 2008 president of france?
what religion is practiced in the united kingdom and is the subject of the film  lies my father told me ''?
what is the time zone of the affected area of the cyclone iwa?
what did charles darwin and his wife did?
who was the person who influenced the person who said  a good newspaper is a nation talking to itself. ?
what form of government is practiced in the country where the argentina peso ley is the currency?
what form of government is practiced in the country where cerveza colonos del llanquihue lager premium artesanal beer is produced?
who did braylon edwards play for?
what type of music does the composer of billie jean perform?
what movie starring alyson stoner that was produced by shepherd frankel?
which politician influenced by walton whitman died first?
what school with headquarters in new york city did caroline kennedy attend?
what was albert einstein2's academic advisor?
who is the current leader of the location where the movie  frida '' takes place?
who was the afl founder, and was born in bartlesville?
what is there to do in the place where the fictional character niles crane lived?
what harry potter movies were produced by 1492 pictures?
who was the president in 2011 of the country that has the government position title of minister of the economy, industry and employment ( france )?
what movie produced by the gaumont film company did liam hemsworth play in?
what movie, starring liam hemsworth, is the trailer for http : //youtu.be/0bdzwrw6hna?
what character does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what was the author of  a modest proposal ( webster's thesaurus edition ) '' famous for?
what continent is the country where the plautdietsch language is spoken?
what country has power plug type f and speaks arabic language?
what language is spoken in both guyana and the fictional universe buffyverse?
who is the current governor of the state affected by cyclone florida0?
who played kirk and also wrote the film  fire serpent ''?
where did the author of  thomas holbes '' live?
what is the body of water under the sydney harbour bridge?
what currency is used in the country affected by hurricane otto?
who played claire in the multipart episodes the end?
what were the parents of the politician who was appointed to his governmental position by paul von hindenburg?
what is the religion that has taoism0 as a deity?
what movie was lucy hale in that john edgar park was a crew member of?
where did the visual artist that created la las meninas live?
what to do in barcelona?
who is the actor that played the character zoolander?
what form of government is practiced in the country where doric greek is spoken?
which of the cleveland browns'passing attempts has more than 129 passing attempts?
who played the parent of none0?
what country, where the norn language is spoken, did james cook come from?
what state was the film  stand by me '' filmed in?
who was henrik wergeland's inspiration and also influenced arthur miller?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
what language do people in guyana speak?
what language do people speak in hungary?
