where is the river thames river located that has a position title of minister of food?
who started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board and held the title of attorney general?
which of jane austen books were made into movies?
what country was appointed by paul von hindenburg?
who was sworn into office after the person that leonard bernstein dedicated his work died?
where does the river that originated in french broad river flow into?
for what is the inventor of mark twain0 well-known?
what other inventions did the person who invented the thomas edison4 invent?
who was appointed to his governmental position by ronald reagan and was involved in the israeli–palestinian conflict?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the switzerlander laufhund breed?
who was the voice of darth vader in the movie that kat graham was a crew member of?
what amusement park in madrid has the batman : la fuga ride?
where does the owner of ecstasea live?
what form of government is used in the area affected by cyclone tropical depression two-e?
where is auburn university located in lee county?
what is there to do in houston, texas that opened after 1971?
what english language shows did henry winkler produce?
what language is found in the fictional universe buffyverse and is also spoken in israel?
where did the subject of the film `` martin luther king, jr.0 '' go to school?
which of quentin tarantino's films was released most recently?
what did the speaker at march on washington for jobs and freedom do?
what english-based creole languages do they speak in jamaica?
what tv show shot in new york has the longest episode run time?
what midwestern united states state is home to point place?
what continent is the country where the south african pound is used?
what states does the body of water under the mississippi river0 pass through?
what language do they speak in norway?
what regina hall movie featured music by vernon reid?
what movie cast by debra zane did taylor lautner star in?
which of van halen's albums was released first?
what team did shaquille o'neal play for?
who was judy garland marriage to in the movie `` the princess and the pirate ''?
what type of government does the country where nigerian breweries star beer is made have?
what is there to do in charlotte, north carolina with mycklenburg county?
what jenna dewan movie had costumes designed by durinda wood?
what movie filmed in new york city did omar epps play in?
what ian somerhalder work was directed by lesley beale?
what is the name of the jane austen book that was made into a movie starring ian somerhalder?
what is the capital of the state where the fictional character sunstreak lived?
when did captain dustin brown's hockey team last win the stanley cup?
when did captain dustin brown's hockey team last win the stanley cup?
what airport does airtran airways fly to that aer lingus airline flies to?
which member of thomas jefferson's family was influenced by baron de montesquie?
what state does the mississippi river pass through that has a governmental body called minnesota senate?
what did thomas edison invent?
which member of the kennedy family died first?
what character did tom cruise play in endless love?
what type of music did ludwig van beethoven composed in the shadow of the stars?
what religion did the public speaker who spoke about the berlin wall follow?
what german movies did j.j. abrams direct?
who is the president of the country that has azad kashmir?
what is the mascot of the organization led by nicolas s. zeppos?
what country borders bolivia and contains goiã¡s?
who is the coach of the team owned by steve bisciotti?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem ee mungu nguvu yetu?
the country that contains the rift valley province uses what type of currency?
when was the last time the new york yankees won the world series?
the country with the national anthem god bless fiji has what type of government?
who is the current president of the country where the show `` the bride with white hair '' was filmed?
what currency is used in the country with kronoberg county?
where does héctor camacho live in the utc−05:00:00 time zone?
where is the university of south carolina located with the capital of columbia?
what is the official language of the country where brussels is the capital?
what are the major religions in canada that follow the bible?
where did the illustrator of `` feu de joie '' live?
what state with a capital named smithtown does the illinois river flow through?
where is giza necropolis located that has a governmental office holder named hosni mubarak?
what currency is used in the country with la bayamesa as its national anthem?
what type of government does the country that uses the chilean peso have?
what language is spoken in the country that uses afghan afghani as its currency?
team mascot big red is part of the team with what colors?
where is the college with the south carolina gamecocks men's basketball team located?
what religion practiced in australia has places of worship named chapels?
what country does sean parnell represent?
the country with the national anthem le mali has what type of government?
the country that has the national anthem koste seselwa is from what continent?
when did houston rockets win the championship?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem of russia?
what country does the niger river flow through that appointed dioncounda traorã© to a governmental position?
what country speaks welsh and has edinburgh as its capital?
what airport is closest to the country with national anthem sons and daughters of saint lucas?
where is the country with san jose as its capital located?
what team with a mascot named sir saint did reggie bush play for?
what did the person who went to luitpold gymnasium do?
what did the famous person who went to aargau cantonal school do?
who is the current president of the country that has national people's congress?
who are the members of the band that went on the look me in the eyes tour?
what is the name of the actor who played in the film `` joe jonas in the eyes tour ''?
where did galileo galilei go to school?
what major religion in canada has chapels as places of worship?
what currency is used in the country that imports from zimbabwe?
what continent is the country with national anthem there is a lovely country located in?
what countries does the niger river flow through in the greenwich mean time zone?
where is the team with the mascot named pittsburgh steelers?
who played darth vader in the film with a character named jake lloyd0?
what is the official language of the country that contains nã³grã¡d county?
who founded ford mexico holdings inc?
what is the political system of the country with bilady, bilady, bilady as its national anthem?
what time zone is the us state with jefferson city as its capital?
what is the earliest structure to be built in barcelona?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that appointed georges pompidou to a governmental position?
when did sports team owner tom gores'sports team win the championship?
what country contains both midlothian and Pitcairn islands?
the country with the capital of suva has what type of government?
what is the mascot of peabody college?
what is the official language of the country that has national people's congress?
what are the basic beliefs of the sharia religion?
who was walt whitman influenced by that held his governmental position earliest?
people from the country that has the national anthem of the republic of china speak what languages?
what is the official language of the country where scottish english is spoken?
what team with mascot named t.d. did reggie bush play for?
where is the school with the daily gamecock newspaper located?
what form of government is used in the country with ymnögovi province?
what country does bolivia border in the utc−05:00:00 time zone?
what united kingdom religion has safed as a sacred site?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem du gamla, du fria?
what zoo in seattle, wa opened earliest?
what religion practiced in australia uses the book of nehemiah?
in what years did the team with head coach kevin mchale win the championship?
the country that contains tunisia uses what type of currency?
on what continent is the country with the national anthem land of the free located?
what arabic language speaking country has ray as its capital?
what is the occupation of the person who once lived in cholame?
what is the most recently opened zoo in sydney?
who is the head coach of the team whose fight song is `` seven nation army ''?
where is the university with the mascot university of south carolina cocky located?
what arabic language speaking country has baghdad as its capital?
when was the last time the los angeles raiders won a super bowl?
what german speaking country has bonn as its capital?
what team with the fight song skol, vikings did warren moon play for?
what currency is used in the country that has santiago de cuba province?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem shche ne vmerla ukraina?
where did the film stand by me take place?
when did los angeles lakers win their first championship?
where is the team with the fight song `` pittsburgh steelers polka '' from?
where does bob dylan live in the central time zone?
what united kingdom religion has a sacred site named harmandir sahib?
where is the giza Necropolis located and the location of cairo?
what religions are practiced in australia that follow the bible?
when did los angeles lakers win their first championship?
where is giza necropolis located, that has a governmental office holder named mohamed morsi?
who is the president of the country that contains balochistan?
what team owned by paul g. allen family foundation did warren moon play for?
what is the mascot of the educational institution with ryan rote as a grad student?
the country with the capital of belmopan is located in what continent?
when was the last time the new york yankees won the world series?
where did the person who said `` eat to please thyself, but dress to please others? `` die?
what country speaks welsh and appointed george ii of great britain to a governmental position?
what is the mascot of the university with yale bulldogs men's basketball?
what currency is used in the country that has kiev?
who owns envi?
what team with the fight song the victors did tom brady play for?
what country with paris as its capital did pablo picasso live in?
what is the mascot of the educational institution that has the yale center for british art?
what movie did rihanna play in that has a character named commander?
what major religion in the united kingdom has a chapel as a place of worship?
what country with edinburgh as its capital did james cook come from?
what zoo in sydney opened most recently?
what arabic language speaking country uses the saudi arabia riyal?
what us state has a capital named denver and is home to littleton?
where does joey king live where the tv show `` the stand '' was filmed?
where does joey king live where the tv show `` the stand '' was filmed?
which architect who designed red house influenced antoni gaudí?
what is the mascot of the organization led by rick lenz?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion that worships at yavuz sultan selim mosque?
who is the president of the country that uses the pakistani rupee?
what character did the actor who attended makoura college play in despicable me?
when did houston rockets win the championship?
what does the person who once lived in the white house do?
what continent is the country that contains denmark '' -u located in?
what arabic language speaking country has ajman?
what currency is used in the country with oranjestad as its capital?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that uses the cfp franc as currency?
what country does the niger river flow through that has conakry as its capital?
what is the state motto of the us state with frankfort as its capital?
what country contains midlothian and montserrat?
people from the country that contains egypt8 speak what languages?
where does the illinois river run through that appointed jim edgar to a governmental position?
which country that borders bolivia has pope francis as its religious leader?
what did the person who once lived in cambrian park die of?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem humat al-hima?
the country that has the national anthem tiến quân ca uses what type of currency?
who are the athletes in the country that uses the kenya shilling?
what major religion in the united kingdom has eve as a notable figure?
william clay ford, jr. started the organization?
what language is spoken in the country where the guyanese dollar is used?
who influenced the architect who designed bellesguard?
the country that uses the fijian dollar has what type of government?
what did the famous person who went to j Jeremiah e burke high school die of?
what is the name of the main train station in the location that appointed dianne feinstein to a governmental position?
what airport is closest to the country that has Soufrière?
what is there to do in seattle seattle that was established after 2000?
what year did the famous person who went to emsley a. laney high school enter the nba?
what team with a mascot named stamford the lion did didier drogba play for?
what country has a capital called cairo and is home to giza necropolis?
what country has beijing as its capital and speaks tibetan?
what is the official language of the country that has national people's congress?
the country that contains trelawny parish uses what type of currency?
who was the president of france after none2?
what currency is used in the country with kwazulu-natal?
what is there to do in seattle seattle in the pacific time zone?
what language is spoken where the bahamian dollar is used?
where is the team owned by rooney family from?
what team owned by alisher usmanov did santi cazorla play for?
people from the country that contains guyana8 speak what languages?
what is there to do in the state with tallahassee as its capital?
who are the athletes in the country that has nairobi province?
what team did reggie bush play for that won the super bowl xliv championship?
where is the country with the imperial anthems of the ottoman empire located?
what currency is used in the country with kef governorate?
where is the country that uses the ottoman lira?
what is the mascot of jonathan edwards college?
the country that contains northern division, fiji has what type of government?
the country that contains central division, fiji has what type of government?
where did the film stand by me take place?
what religion with notable figure ali is in australia?
what country does bolivia border that uses the argentina peso?
in what central time zone location did the battle of shiloh take place?
the country that contains tarapacã¡ region has what type of government?
what is the nationality of the person who once lived in the white house?
where is the team with the fight song renegade from?
what team owned by roman abramovich did didier drogba play for?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country contains fleriesland?
what continent is the country that uses the belize dollar located in?
when was the last time the orioles won the world series?
what team did reggie bush play for that won the super bowl xliv championship?
where does bob dylan live in the eastern time zone?
which of the two major religions in the united kingdom believes in the virgin birth of jesus?
what are the government bodies in the state with jefferson city as its capital?
what currency is used in the country with nairobi province?
what pro athlete started his career earliest and was drafted by cleveland browns?
what did the famous person who went to los banos high school die of?
what currency is used in the country with noble patria, tu hermosa bandera as its national anthem?
who are the members of the band that had a concert tour named jonas brothers world tour 2009?
what religion in canada believes in mahdi?
who did the team owned by randy Lerner draft?
when did detroit pistons win the championship?
what country trades with mexico and is a major trading partner of china?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
the country that contains puntarenas province is located in what continent?
what arabic language speaking country uses the saudi arabia riyal?
what currency is used in the country with airport that serves nijmegen?
what did the famous person who went to neolani elementary school do?
what arabic language speaking country has ajman?
where did the illustrator of the book de mã©moire d'homme : poã¨me live?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion with muhammad in islam?
what is the capital of the country with national anthem cherifian anthem?
what kind of guitar does the famous person who went to henry d. perry middle school play?
what zoo in seattle, wa opened after 1899?
what type of art did the person who went to willem ii college do?
where is giza necropolis located, that has a governmental office holder named mohamed morsi?
what arabic language speaking country uses the lebanese pound?
what is the sacred text of the religion with grotto-heavens?
what year did arsenal won the league?
where did pablo picasso live in the central european time zone?
who is the head coach of the team whose fight song is `` the baltimore fight song ''?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has a governmental office holder named rosen plevneliev?
what industry does the organization led by tony nicely operate in?
what currency is used in the country with san juan as its capital?
what team with the fight song when the saints go march in did reggie bush play for?
where is the country with the national anthem noble patria, tu hermosa bandera located?
what type of government does the country with the capital of santiago have?
when did leslie alexander's sports team win the championship?
who started the organization led by john g. parker?
what movie did lucy haale play in that has a character named gordon?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem of south africa?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion with ali as a notable figure?
what team owned by serena williams did reggie bush play for?
what is the political system of the country that has vladimir putin as a government official?
what country does the country that has the national anthem bilady bilady, bilady export to?
what major religion in canada has mecca as a sacred site?
what countries border the country with none0 as its capital?
what major religion in the united kingdom has places of worship called churches?
what german speaking country that appointed miloå¡ zeman to governmental position?
what country has edinburgh as its capital and is home to midlothian?
what currency is used in the country with krasnodar krai?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has sofia as its capital?
who is the governor of the state with nashville as its capital?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where thabo mbeki holds office?
when did george steinbrenner's sports team last win the world series?
when did detroit pistons win the championship?
what country bordering bolivia has buenos aires as its capital?
the country that contains haifa district is located in what continent?
who played leia organa and had bipolar disorder?
people from the country that has the national anthem sa'idi arabic0 speak what languages?
what team with mascot named pat patriot did tom brady play for?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) member country has an airport that serves kleve ( district )?
what team owned by jimmy buffett did reggie bush play for?
what league does the team with the mascot indianapolis colts blue play in?
what religion practiced in australia believes in the virgin birth of jesus?
what is the mascot of the educational institution with ryan rote as a grad student?
what australian religion has a sacred site named kushinagar?
what team owned by farhad moshiri did santi cazorla play for?
what country has a capital called cairo and is home to giza necropolis?
the country that contains northern district is located in what continent?
what language is spoken in the country that uses renminbi as its currency?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what character did the actor who attended breakwater school play in lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring?
the country that contains khentii province has what type of government?
the country that contains stann creek district is located in what continent?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that uses the euro as currency?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem lofsã¶ngur?
what country speaks arabic language in the eastern time zone?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
when did cleveland cleveland browns draft?
what country bordering bolivia has brazilia as its capital?
who played chucky in child's play?
where does héctor camacho live in the eastern time zone?
when was the last time the raiders won the super bowl?
what language do they speak in the country that imports from pakistan?
what is the mascot of the school with thomas r. gold as a grad student?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
what famous person with endometriosis did john f. kennedy date?
what character did the actor who attended napanee district secondary school play in over the hedge?
when was the last time the team owned by peter angelos win the world series?
where does usher live in georgia?
what is the name of the main train station in the city that hosted the 1960 summer olympics?
who is the current president of the country that uses renminbi as its currency?
what is the mascot of peabody college?
what children's literature did the person who once lived in conneticut write?
what are the practices of the religion that believes in end time?
what currency is used in the country with moscow?
what is the ethnicity of the person who went to danny jones middle school?
what movies did the artist who had a concert tour named none0 play in?
the famous person who went to edward devotion school had affairs with whom?
what is the official language of the country with flower of scotland as its national anthem?
what movie with a character named sidney presworth did lucy hale play in?
who did the cleveland browns draft?
what is there to do in the city where salt lake city public library is located?
what german speaking country has an airport that serves nijmegen?
what country has a governmental body called national people's congress and speaks tibetan?
what is the name of the main train station in the location that appointed gavin newsom to govermental position?
what team owned by robert kraft did tom brady play for?
what country did james cook come from that appointed george i of great britain to a governmental position?
what is the capital of the governmental jurisdiction where driss jettou holds office?
what languages are spoken in the country with national anthem brabanã§onne?
when did arsenal won the league?
what country speaks welsh and has dolwyddelan as its capital?
what movies did the person who went to miley cyrus0 play in?
what does the country that has the national anthem of bolivia border?
what team that won super bowl vii did reggie bush play for?
what religion in australia has richard hooker as a notable figure?
what is there to do in madrid in the central european time zone?
what year did the famous person who went to emsley a. laney high school enter the nba?
what does the country that uses bolivian boliviano border?
when was the last time the team with mascot the oriole bird won the world series?
what team with the fight song i'm shipping up to boston did tom brady play for?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where antonis samaras holds office?
what is the political system of the country that appointed anwar sadat to a governmental position?
what eastern european time zone country is in north atlantic treaty organization ( nato )?
who is the current president of the country that has national people's congress?
which country that borders bolivia has a religious organization called society of jesus '' -g?
what airport is closest to the city that has castries as its capital?
who played darth vader in the film with a character named jake lloyd0?
who did the team with the fight song hi-o-Hi-o for cleveland draft?
who is the president of the country whose capital is ipad?
what arabic language speaking country was the location where zola levitt presents was filmed?
the country with the national anthem aruba dushi tera uses what type of money?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
people from the country that has the national anthem march on, bahamaland speak what languages?
what airport is closest to the location that contains vieux fort quarter?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has an airport that serves nijmegen?
what is there to do in seattle, washington, that was filmed by the night strangler?
what german speaking country that contains aarhus county?
the country that contains cherkasy oblast uses what type of currency?
who are the athletes in the country that has kenya0?
what united kingdom religions believe in saṃsãra?
what is the national anthem of the country with kenya8 as its national anthem?
what team that won super bowl iv did warren moon play for?
what is the holy book of the religion with notable figure zhang jue?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what structure in barcelona, california was built after 1882?
what country has gansu as its administrative division and speaks tibetan?
what school with a mascot named griffin did helen keller attend?
the country that contains saint ann parish uses what type of currency?
what countries does the niger river flow through?
what is the official language of the country where the show `` the bride with white hair '' was filmed?
who inspired the architect who designed casa vicens?
who was the first president of france?
what person with strabismus influenced whitman whitman?
what team that won super bowl vii did reggie bush play for?
when did the team with hooper as its mascot win the championship?
where is the giza Necropolis located that contains the cairo governorate?
where did the architect who designed poplar forest die?
which person with smallpox influenced whitman?
what is the official language of the country with national anthem jamaica, land we love?
what german speaking country uses the danish krone?
what australian religion has a sacred site named lumbini?
which country that borders bolivia has eastern catholic churches as a religious organization?
what religion practiced in canada believes in the virgin birth of jesus?
what is the country where the tv show the bride with white hair was filmed and speaks tibetan?
what team with mascot named t.d. did reggie bush play for?
people from the country that has the national anthem of chile speak what languages?
where does kaka live in the utc−03:00:00 time zone?
who is the governor of the location that appointed jeb bush to a governmental position?
what us state has nashville as its capital and was the battle of shiloh?
who was the president of france before nicolas sarkozy2?
where is the country with bursa as its capital?
who is the president of the organization led by martin schulz?
what language is spoken in the country that produces retsina wine?
who is the current maryland state senator who held his governmental position from earliest?
what are the basic beliefs of the sharia religion?
what team owned by jimmy buffett did reggie bush play for?
what country speaks arabic language in the eastern time zone?
what language is spoken in the country that exports fruit and tree nut farming?
what religion practiced in canada uses the book of nehemiah?
what currency is used in the country where the nama language is spoken?
what country does bolivia border that has the senate of chile?
what team founded after 1908 does ronaldinho play for?
what continent is the country that brews belize brewing co. belikin beer located in?
what currency is used in the country where jamaican english is spoken?
what amusement park in sydney has the big dipper ride?
what was the occupation of the subject of the film `` a star named ayrton senna ''?
what is the official language of the country where harbin beer is made?
who did elizabeth taylor marriage?
who was john f. kennedy's family?
what movie with a prequel named another cinderella story did lucy haale play in?
what did the actor who played in `` limp bizkit : rock in the park 2001 '' do?
which of william shakespeare's inspirations died in constanãa?
of the founders of the afl, which died most recently?
which of the harry potter movies was released first?
which of the harry potter movies was released first?
who influenced william shakespeare and was influenced by giovanni pico della mirandola?
where is the university of south carolina located that has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after none2?
who served as vice president under the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness?
what arabic language speaking countries have a country code greater than 968?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper staten island reserve is circulated?
what country does the government of egypt export to?
what is the latest structure to open in salt lake city?
what languages are spoken in the country that has the parliament of finland?
who was vice president under the author of `` the audacity of hope ''?
who are the members of the band burnin'up?
what movie directed by tom vaughan did miley cyrus play in?
who plays emma frost?
where does the actor who played the character tab Lazenby live?
what team did didier drogba play for?
what is the official language of the country where desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer is made?
who is robert downey jr. wife?
what kind of guitar does the composer of `` sands theme '' play?
when was abraham lincoln president?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where wu xiaoling holds office?
who influenced walt whitman and was influenced by adam mickiewicz?
in what county is the newspaper scotland news & review circulated?
what movie did alyson stoner play in that had a sequel named `` garfield : a tail of two kitties ''?
what is the latest film that lucy haale has been in?
when was abraham lincoln president?
what is the name of the organization that Rupert murdoch owns?
what time zone is the jurisdiction that has the position title of missouri attorney general in?
who was the president of france in 2011 that ended his/her government position latest?
what state has the secretary of state of colorado and is home to littleton?
what is there to do in seattle wa?
who are the members of the subject of the image jonas brothers0?
what killed the actor who played rachel marron?
what is the birthplace of the actor who played in the movie `` elvis presley : live from tupelo? ``?
what is the official language of the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position entitled prime minister of hungary?
who is the president of the country where santa fe beer factory luna llena beer is made?
what languages are spoken in the area where the newspaper akher saa is circulated?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where the state council of the people's republic of china is located?
what does the actor who played sara goldfarb do?
what language is spoken in chile and is also spoken on sesame street?
what is the earliest structure to open in sydney?
what is the earliest founded sports team did didier drogba play for?
what is the currency of the country where the swedish riksdaler is used?
where does the actor who played in the film `` roger moore0 '' live?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` the last leprechaun '' takes place?
which person who said `` o brave new world, that has such people in't! '' influenced arthur miller?
what team did the actor who played in the film `` cristiano ronaldo0 '' play for in 2010?
what type of art is the school of athens?
what movie did lucy hale play in that mae whitman played in?
what is the capital of the country where brasseries de maroc casablanca beer is made?
what arabic language-speaking country was ruled by hamad bin khalifa al thani?
what language, found in the fictional universe the tortall universe, does guyana speak?
what major religion in canada was founded by huldrych zwingli?
what movie did liam hemsworth play in that had casting director michael kennedy?
what county does jerry t. belton represent?
what is the religion of the people who follow the quran?
where did bob dylan live that was the birthplace of nathan o. kaplan?
which amusement park in florida held the united states senate election in 2010?
what language, found in the fictional universe the tortall universe, do navajo indians speak?
what county does the chowchilla city council member represent?
who influenced arthur miller?
what tv shows did joey lawrence star in that had fewer than 6 seasons?
which republican party member was marriage to elizabeth taylor?
what country speaks welsh and has norn as a spoken language?
what is there to do in the location where the movie `` catching trouble '' takes place?
what did charles darwin write?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper reference news?
what currency is used in the circulation area of the daily nation newspaper?
what is there to do in the government and politics of seattle?
which university attended by theodor schwann has the largest number of postgraduates?
what time zone is in the governmental jurisdiction where david m. louie holds office?
who appointed walt whitman to his governmental position earliest and influenced whitman?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country produces netherlands beer?
which member of the pro-lincoln party ended his/her government position earliest?
where did helen keller go to school that was founded after 1886?
which person who influenced roy lichtenstein died most recently?
what currency is used in the country that has zine el abidine ben ali as a government official?
what is the capital of the location where the movie `` kundun '' takes place?
what is the title of the judge appointed by samuel chase?
what movie did lucy hale play in that had costumes designed by lesley beale?
who is the president of the country where gull dong originated?
what country where welsh is spoken was ruled by george iii of the united kingdom?
what is the most recently founded sports team that cristiano ronaldo played for?
what county is governed by the mayor of minneapolis?
what is the currency of the government of puerto rico?
where is the university of south carolina located with an official symbol of spotted salamander?
where is denmark '' -u located?
who is the current president of china?
who played kirk in star trek?
what character does liv tyler play in lord of the rings?
what is there to do in sydney that has the street address bennelong point?
what liam hemsworth movie was released in buenos aires?
who plays jason morgan on general hospital?
who is the governor of the government of tennessee?
what is the ethnicity of the actor who played in `` arwin! ''?
what movie with music by brian tyler did liam hemsworth play in?
what language is spoken in the country where macedonian thrace brewery vergina premium lager beer is made?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) member country spoke about the topic of bulgaria?
what is the official language of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhujiang beer is made?
where did the film stand by me take place?
where did laura ingalls wilder live in united states of america?
who was buried in westminster abbey and influenced william shakespeare to write poetry?
what is the official language of the governmental jurisdiction where zeng peiyan holds office?
what country that has py as its internet top level domain does bolivia border?
what type of music does the subject of the film `` michael jackson's this is it '' sing?
what currency is used in the country where kenya breweries tusker premium lager beer is made?
what is the currency of the country with the coat of arms of south africa?
what is the name of the country where the south african rand is the currency?
who influenced arthur miller and was influenced by lucian?
what is the title of the chief justice of the united states of the court where there is a court with a judge named chief justice?
who does avril lavigne play in over the hedge?
in what time zone is the newspaper gambit circulated?
what countries speak arabic language and were involved in the military conflict of the six-day war?
where does the subject of the film `` i'm not there '' live?
what country with an official symbol of an animal emblem is midlothian?
who was john f. kennedy dating?
what football team with a free safety on its roster did reggie bush play for?
what currency is used in the country where jã¤mtlands bryggeri hell beer is made?
in the image `` star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith '' who plays darth vader?
what country has an official symbol of unicorn and is home to midlothian?
what movie did lucy hale play in that had costumes designed by debra mcguire?
who is the wife of the actor who played in yucatan?
what country speaks arabic language and is where the fictional character pwt was born?
what country has a floral emblem and is home to midlothian?
which influencers of andy warhol died after october 25, 1984?
who are the athletes in the country where kairo breweries tusker premium lager beer is made?
what character did julie andrews play in shrek?
where did the actor who played in high school phenoms grow up?
who influenced whitman to become a writer?
where did the author of `` the prince '' live?
of the states that the illinois river flows through, which has the earliest adapted governmental jurisdiction location symbol?
where did sam shepard live before the film `` fargo ''?
who is the president of the country where seraiki is spoken?
where is giza necropolis located, where the siwi language is spoken?
who are the famous athletes in the circulation area of the daily nation newspaper?
what country speaks rusyn language and has german as a spoken language?
what language spoken in indonesia is also found in the fictional universe buffyverse?
what sports team founded after 1902-03-06 does cristiano ronaldo play for?
what type of art did the person who said `` a good picture is equivalent to a good deed '' do?
what does the country that uses bolivian peso border?
what did the subject of the film you don't know jack do?
who is jonathan swift?
what miley cyrus movie was cast by denise chamian?
what language is mainly spoken in great britain but also in the bahamas?
what currency is used in the country with the coat of arms of mexico?
what did the subject of the film `` albert einstein0 '' do?
who is the president of the country with secretary of state for human rights of france?
who influenced antoni gaudí and died after october 17, 1879?
where did the person who said `` eat to please thyself, but dress to please others? `` go to school?
what is the political system in the country where el gouna beverage co. sakara gold beer is made?
what type of government does the place where the dogo argentino breed originated have?
what country did james cook come from that was ruled by george iii of the united kingdom?
what state does the illinois river flow through in the united states of america?
what other movies has the actor who played liam hemsworth6 been in?
what state was the subject of the film `` ronald reagan '' governor of?
who influenced arthur miller and was buried in vår frelsers gravlund?
what sports team based in london does santi cazorla play for?
what is the capital of the location where the movie `` mary mother of christ '' takes place?
what language is spoken in the area where the newspaper `` guyana4 '' is circulated?
where did the subject of the film `` the miracle worker '' go to school?
what type of music does the subject of the movie `` gone too soon '' sing?
what movie produced by brad lewis did alyson stoner play in?
who served as vice president under the author of dreams from my father?
where did caroline kennedy go to school that was founded after none2?
what team does ronaldinho play for that has an arena stadium named estã¡dio do maracanã?
which of the people who influenced andy warhol died most recently?
what rihanna movie was based on a board game by hasbro?
what is james dean famous for?
who did elizabeth taylor marriage?
what german speaking countries have a country calling code greater than 357?
what is the official language of the governmental body called state administration of foreign exchange?
what children's literature books did suzanne collins write?
what is the official language of the country where the newspaper fordulat is circulated?
what movies does the actor who played the character alyson stoner0 play in?
what is the official language of the country where the scottish fold originated?
what are the two official government bodies of the state with an official symbol of state aquatic animal?
who are the athletes in the governmental jurisdiction where kenya8 is in office?
what kind of money should i take to the country where cerveceria bucanero mayabe beer is made?
who influenced the author who published editions for leaves of grass?
what type of government is used in both japan and the birthplace of baldur von schirach?
what did the actor who played in donna summer : live and more encore die of?
what is the earliest structure to open in seattle, wa?
what is there to do at 325 fifth ave. n in seattle, fl?
what character did the author of `` the last of the really great whistles '' play in shrek?
which of the harry potter movies was cast by mary selway?
what taoism text was influenced by confucius?
what type of government did sparta have that was featured in i, the sun?
in what county is the newspaper the scotland union circulated?
on what continent is the danish ministry of foreign affairs located?
what is the country where harbin beer is made and where the tibetan language is spoken?
what currency is used in the country where meã¤nkieli is spoken?
what are the two houses of representatives of missouri?
what is the topic of the text of taoism?
what country does the chausie breed originate from?
what movie with cinematography by peter deming did lucy hale play in?
where was the battle of shiloh held that has the earliest adapted governmental jurisdiction location symbol?
what is the latest movie rihanna has been in?
which of adolf hitler's parents died from breast cancer?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where chiang kai-shek holds office?
where did the author of `` the Definitive bob dylan songbook '' live?
who is the artist nominated for a love song for bobby long marriage to?
what language do japanese and the fictional universe buffyverse speak?
on what continent is the newspaper berlingske circulated?
what is the name of the harry potter movie that was followed by a sequel called harry harry and the deathly hallows - part i?
what country exports to japan and includes gebel elba?
who influenced the actor who played in the film tarzan and jane regained?
when did the sports team whose arena is the palace of auburn hills win the championship?
what is the name of the train station in the location where `` tales of the city '' takes place?
which of john f. kennedy's wives was buried in westwood village memorial park cemetery?
when was the inauguration of the subject of the film young abraham lincoln?
what liam hemsworth movie was released to blu-ray disc?
which influencer of frank stella influenced roy lichtenstein?
what state has a stegosaurus as an official symbol and is home to littleton?
what position does the artist award nominated for `` it takes a village '' hold?
what is jack london famous for?
what miley cyrus movie had costumes designed by patricia field?
where does the artist nominated for awards for `` sam shepard0 '' live?
who were the parents of the political appointer who had the title commander in chief of home forces?
what movie written by michael arndt did liam hemsworth play in?
who is the brother of the actor who played in the film `` angela & viril ''?
on what continent is the newspaper nyhedsavisen circulated?
who does avril lavigne play in over the hedge?
which of miley cyrus'movies was released first?
what is the latest film alyson stoner has been in?
what languages are spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position prime minister of finland?
what is the main train station in the location where the movie `` the emperor's new wardrobe '' takes place?
what german speaking country produces pilsner urquell beer?
who does liv tyler play in lord of the rings?
what is barack obama famous for?
what is the state where the newspaper now is circulated?
what language, found in the fictional tortall universe, do japanese people speak?
who is the president of the country that has supreme court of pakistan?
what are the names of harry potter movies?
what team that plays in santiago bernabã©u stadium did ronaldo play for in 2010?
which Pentecostalism celebrity had a romantic relationship with john f. kennedy?
which german speaking country has the largest country calling code?
what is the latest film rihanna has been in?
where did bob dylan live that has a neighborhood named bryant?
what currency is used in the country where bGI lager beer is made?
who played leia organa?
who was the assassination of the united states ambassador to lesotho?
what currency is used in the country where desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer is made?
what continent is the country where faxe premium beer is made?
what did the subject of the film `` young albert einstein '' do?
who plays emma frost?
which of the harry potter movies was edited by richard francis-Bruce?
who influenced andy warhol?
where is the burj khalifa located that opened after 2008-01-04?
what movie edited by christopher greenbury did alyson stoner play in?
which of elizabeth taylor's husbands died first?
what type of art did salvador dalí create that was invented by nicéphore niépce?
where is littleton, colorado located that appointed clarence morley to a governmental position?
where did theodor schwann go to school with the smallest number of postgraduates?
what is there to do in florida with kids?
what language do both guyana and great britain speak?
what is the most recently opened structure to visit in new york?
which of miley cyrus'movies was released first?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in japan?
where did the person who said `` eat to please thyself, but dress to please others? `` live?
what type of government does the country where rapa nui language is spoken have?
what is the earliest founded sports team that santi cazorla played for?
what is the political system of the country with the coat of arms of russia?
what language do they speak in afghanistan?
what is the nationality of the author of dreams from my father?
who influenced whitman to become a member of the house of representatives?
where does héctor camacho live that has hell's kitchen?
what continent is the governmental body called israeli ministry of defense located in?
what are the names of the characters in the family guy theme song?
what is the nationality of the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness?
who played chucky in the film that was nominated for the bAFTA award for best actor in a supporting role?
what is there to do in salt lake city california that was opened after 1894?
what jobs were held by the subject of the film `` king : a filmed record... montgomery to memphis ''?
what is there to do in florida that was the state of the 2010 gubernatorial election?
what is there to do in seattle seattle?
what movie starring rihanna was released to blu-ray disc?
what currency is used in the country where obolon zhigul beer is made?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
what do chilean people speak?
who played leia organa?
where did the actor who played rusty wells grow up?
what currency is used in the country where the boerboel breed originated?
what is the holy book of taoism that was written by laozi?
what movie did lucy hale play in that had cinematography done by james kennedy?
what did martin luther king, jr. jr do?
where did laura ingalls wilder live that has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted earliest?
where does the subject of the image `` joey king in los angeles '' live?
what college did the person who said `` nothing pains some people more than having to think '' attend?
what is nicolas cage son name?
what type of cancer did the artist who was nominated for gardens of the world with audrey hepburn have?
of the states that the illinois river flows through, which has the earliest adapted governmental jurisdiction location symbol?
on which continent is the second level division cartago located?
what movie written by ann brashares did lucy hale play in?
what german speaking country was the topic of alexander mintz's speech?
what team does warren moon play for that has a free safety on its roster?
what character does jemaine clement play in despicable me?
where is giza necropolis located that exports to sudan?
what is the latest structure to open in manchester, united states?
what language found in the fictional universe the tortall universe is spoken in the bahamas?
what is the official language of the government of hungary?
what are the two houses of representatives of the state that held the united states senate special election in missouri in 2002?
who is the governor of the location where the movie `` catching trouble '' takes place?
where does the author of `` bob dylan6 '' live?
who is the voice of stewie griffin on the tv program with the family guy theme song?
what time zone is the place with the three-toed box turtle as an official symbol?
who is the president of france in 2011 of the political party rally for the republic?
on what continent is the country that makes maccabee beer located?
where does the subject of the image `` joey king live? ``?
what movie did miley cyrus play in that had casting director michael p. murphy?
what team does didier drogba play for that plays at stamford bridge?
which of william shakespeare's inspirations died from exsanguination?
where did the battle of shiloh take place that uses the united states dollar as currency?
who was richard burton marriage to?
where is giza necropolis located with the smallest army?
what is the oldest sports team in canada?
what type of cancer did the artist nominated for awards for `` hot Stuff '' have?
what language spoken in australia is also found in the fictional tortall universe?
what movie did lucy hale play in that was directed by scott hale?
which politician, who started his/her government position after abraham lincoln0, influenced whitman?
what movie written by frank bunker gilbreth, jr. did alyson stoner play in?
what language do they speak in finland?
what time zone is near the strathmore ( d.j. murray ) airport?
what tv shows with fewer than 138 episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what liam hemsworth movies were released after liam shemsworth8?
where was napoleon bonaparte buried?
what type of government does the location that appointed chile0 to governmental position have?
what is there to do at Exchange square in manchester, united states?
what school did the actor who played hang loose attend?
what team that plays in santiago bernabã©u stadium did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
what is the political system where the chausie breed originated?
what is the currency of the country where the east african shilling is used?
what language spoken in the united kingdom is also found in the fictional tortall universe?
where does the subject of the image `` lizmcclarnon.jpg '' live?
the second level division la uniã³n canton uses what type of currency?
what form of government is used in the circulation area of the newspaper zhivoye dyelo?
who is jonathan swift?
what south african province is johannesburg?
what is the name of Rupert murdoch's organization that has radio station fox news talk?
who is the president of the government of pakistan?
what is the latest founded organization that Rupert murdoch owns?
what is the state where the movie `` saw v '' takes place?
what movie with cinematography by philip rousselot did miley cyrus star in?
what are some sights to see in the district represented by gobierno de la comunidad de madrid?
which of maryland's senators ended their government position earliest?
what does the government of bolivia border?
what is the nationality of the person who said `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool ''?
what fantasy movie did lucy hale play in?
what movie did lucy hale play in that had casting director michael bryan?
in what state is the overlook hotel located?
who is the president of the united kingdom of great britain who said `` he speaks to me as if i was a public meeting ''?
what time zone is the state that held the united states senate election in missouri in 1994?
where does the artist nominated for an award in atlanta live?
on what continent is the location where the movie `` the carbon collective '' takes place?
what language is spoken in the location where the movie `` noi the albino '' takes place?
what type of cancer did the actor from donna summer : live and more encore have?
what is the official language of the country where hungarian sign language is spoken?
what is there to do in the location where the film `` singles '' takes place?
where did the author of `` poor richard's almanac of 1735 '' live?
what is the mascot of the university that mr. wong graduated from?
what country did queen victoria rule that is the subject of the movie `` sixty glorious years ''?
what movie edited by george folsey, jr. did alyson stoner play in?
who are the members of the band nominated for an award for `` bush0 ''?
what movie directed by james hayman did lucy hale play in?
what is the state motto of the state that held the united states senate election in kentucky in 2008?
what movies in the harry potter series were produced by lorne orleans?
what peer of fredrich hölderlin influenced whitman whitman?
where did the author of two new sciences go to school?
what movie decorated by nancy haigh did miley cyrus play in?
where is giza necropolis and the home of tutankhamun?
which of the harry potter movies was directed by simon lamont?
what character did the artist nominated for `` gentlemen broncos '' play in despicable me?
what form of government is used in the location where `` la hora de la siesta '' takes place?
what type of art is the school of athens?
which of chile's languages belongs to the polynesian languages family?
what type of art did the person who said `` the best way to know god is to love many things '' do?
what country exports to germany and contains midlothian?
who was the father of the subject of the film, the private lives of elizabeth and essex?
which arabic language speaking country has the largest country calling code?
what team did the subject of the film `` cristiano ronaldo0 '' play for in 2010?
what was the author of galileo galilei2 famous for?
what movie with costumes designed by colleen atwood did miley cyrus play in?
who is robert downey jr. wife?
what is there to do in dubai that was opened after 2008?
where does the actor who played in secret kGB ukraine files live?
on what continent is the old israeli shekel accepted as currency?
what team does didier drogba play for that plays in türk telekom arena?
who was the first president of the afl and died in dallas?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country produces grolsch blonde beer?
what south african province is the setting of the film `` the bang bang club ''?
what movie with music by john debney did alyson stoner play in?
what is the official language of the country where red stripe beer is made?
where is littleton in the united states of america?
which author, who wrote oedipus at colonus, influenced arthur miller?
who influenced whitman?
what german speaking country exports to angola?
what major religion in canada was founded by john calvin?
what currency is used in the country where the mexican hairless dog originated?
who is the governor of the state where the brownlow's whig newspaper is circulated?
what type of government does canada and baldur von schirach have?
where is giza necropolis located that has a governmental body called the house of representatives?
who influenced walt whitman and was influenced by william godwin?
what language family does finnish speak?
what is the capital of the country where the sloughi breed originated?
what type of art did the subject of the film `` van vincent van gogh '' do?
who is ellen dow?
what is the name of nicolas cage's son?
which country bordering bolivia has an army greater than 721000?
what does the actor who played in scragg 'n'bones do?
which university attended by theodor schwann has the smallest number of undergraduates?
what are the names of the harry potter movies produced by j. k. howard?
what team did the actor who played in the film `` nfl : super bowl xxxix '' play for?
what is the timezone of the jurisdiction that has the missouri house of representatives?
what movie directed by tim johnson did rihanna play in?
what year did the detroit pistons win the championship with a score of 4-0?
what countries does the country where the pauserna language is spoken border?
what languages are spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper aurora de chile?
who influenced whitman?
what continent is the country where faroese is spoken located?
what currency is used in the jurisdiction that has the puerto rico cabinet?
what cartoon pornography movie did rihanna star in?
what languages are spoken in the setting of the movie `` speed 2 : cruise control ''?
which member of the social democratic federation influenced antoni gaudí?
which country bordering bolivia has the smallest army?
what is liam hemsworth's latest film?
where did the actor who played in the film `` roger moore0 '' live?
what is the official language of the country where tibetan is spoken?
which school attended by caroline kennedy has the smallest number of postgraduates?
what is the earliest founded sports team ronaldo played for?
who influenced arthur miller and was the subject of the movie `` shakespeare in love ''?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the egyptian mau breed?
where is the home of the artist nominated for an award in georgia?
on what continent is the location where the movie `` defamation '' takes place?
which university attended by theodor schwann has the largest number of postgraduates?
what movie did lucy hale play in that was edited by anthony kennedy?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` princess protection program '' takes place?
what is nicolas cage son name?
what shows does joey lawrence play in?
what does the country where none0 beer is made border?
what state did the actor who played governor of california represent?
what team does the subject of the image chris paul.png play for?
which country that has the smallest country calling code does the niger river flow through?
what movies did miley cyrus play in that were produced by walt disney pictures?
what movie did lucy haale play in that was also a crew member of celtic steel?
what is the official language of the country where the movie `` starting over '' takes place?
who is the current president of the country where harbin beer is made?
who influenced william shakespeare to write poetry?
where did the person who said `` college isn't the place to go for ideas '' go to school?
what is the profession of the actor who played cal trask?
what state has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after colorado0 and is home to littleton?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
what team founded after 1967 did reggie bush play for?
what was f. scott fitzgerald famous for?
what native american language is found in the fictional universe buffyverse?
what movie written by evan goldberg did rihanna play in?
who influenced roy lichtenstein and was influenced by john ashbery?
what liam hemsworth movie was directed by alex proyas?
who are the athletes in the country where kenya0 beer is made?
what movie produced by chac rosenbloom did alyson stoner play in?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position prime minister of tunisia?
who played leia organa in star wars?
what rihanna movie was produced by jay baruchel?
what form of government is used in the country where domari language is spoken?
what south african province is the location of the movie `` district 9 ''?
what movies released after october 24, 2006 did alyson stoner play in?
what type of cancer did the actor who played nicole sims die of?
what movie starring miley cyrus that has music by john debney?
who does the composer of sk8ter boi play in over the hedge?
who is the governor of the state with the tennessee department of agriculture?
which country bordering bolivia has the largest country calling code?
what was the occupation of the subject of the film `` ayrton senna ''?
which of the harry potter movies was directed by mike newell?
what is the official language of the country where dreher classic beer is made?
what state was the actor who played in the film recognition of the japanese zero fighter governor of?
what arabic language speaking country has Azerbaijani language as a spoken language?
what type of government is used in both belgium and mongolia?
where did joey king live that was the birthplace of john sciarra?
what type of art does the actor from `` as far as love can go '' do?
where did the artist nominated for laundry service come from?
what currency is used in the country where the senate of puerto rico is located?
which cleveland browns quarterback had the smallest passing attempts?
who is ellen dow?
of the countries that the niger river flows through, which has the smallest army?
what actor is a member of bush?
where does the country that speaks domari language export to?
what currency is used in the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is made?
what is the most recently released film that lucy hale played in?
which member of the jonas brothers started his/her relationship first?
what disease does joan crawford have?
what language is spoken in the place where the molossus breed originated?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper `` seattle4 '' is circulated?
what is the nationality of the subject of the film `` on the trail of bin liden ''?
what movie did rihanna play in that was decorated by lesley beale?
what type of government does the government of egypt have?
what language do japanese and the kingdom of great britain speak?
what disease does the artist nominated for `` hungover '' have?
what school attended by theodor schwann has the latest founding date?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` the quarry '' takes place?
what form of government is used in the place where the azawakh breed originated?
what county does jim kopshever represent?
what is the time zone in texas near the tulsa international airport?
what peer of horace influenced william shakespeare to write poetry?
what was the occupation of the person who said `` suspense is worst than disappointment? ``?
what liam hemsworth movie was directed by gordon sim?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named Raila odinga?
what is there to do in the location where the movie `` madrid6 '' takes place?
who plays the parent of sophie cuckoo?
which of the harry potter movies was written by michael goldenberg?
what is there to do in the location where the movie `` salt lake city public library0 '' takes place?
what does the country that speaks none0 border?
what is miley cyrus latest film?
where does the actor who played the character jack Fate live?
what german speaking country has sotho as an official language?
where is the giza Necropolis located?
who is the current president of the circulation area of reference news?
what language is spoken in the setting of `` holiday in the sun? ``?
where did the person who said `` eat to please thyself, but dress to please others? `` die?
which member of the church of england influenced arthur miller?
what is the earliest structure to open in manchester, uk?
what peer of edward burne-jones influenced antoni gaudí?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has an acting prime minister '' -g?
who is marriage to scarlett johansson?
what arabic language speaking country was the fictional character sayid jarrah born in?
what currency is used in the country where south african english is spoken?
what tv show with the smallest number of seasons did joey lawrence star in?
what is the state motto of the state that held the united states senate election in kentucky in 2010?
what currency is used in the place where the breed sokoke originated?
what type of government does russia and brazil have?
what language do they speak in afghanistan?
what arabic language speaking country is the setting of jojo's bizarre adventure?
what kind of guitar does the legal entanglement with new york play?
who is the president of the country with the coat of arms of mexico?
which arabic language speaking country has the largest country calling code?
who is the current president of the country where harbin beer is made?
who is the vice president of the person who said `` yes we can! ``?
what is there to do in manchester, united states that has an exhibition venue that opened after november 17, 2008?
what taoism text influenced liang qichao?
what is the official language of the country with the president of hungary?
what is the official language of the country that has the position title chairman of the communist party of china?
to what country does the egyptian mau breed originate?
who is the president of the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is made?
what language do navajo indians speak that is mainly spoken in republic of ireland?
what currency is used in the country where gilroy favourite beer is made?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` vietnam, long time coming '' takes place?
who did the public speaker who spoke about anti-apartheid date?
which secretary of state influenced whitman to become a writer?
what is there to do in the location where the film `` seattle great wheel0 '' takes place?
who are the athletes in the country where the kenya8 is used as currency?
what exhibition venue in seattle wa opened after seattle art museum8?
which cleveland browns quarterback had the largest passing attempts?
what organization owned by news corporation did rupert murdoch own?
who appointed walt whitman to his governmental position earliest and influenced whitman?
what miley cyrus movie was edited by chris lebenzon?
which of jane austen's books were made into movies?
which of the harry potter movies were produced by warner brod. entertainment?
who is the brother of the artist nominated for an award for `` angelina jolie0 ''?
who is robert downey jr. wife?
what is the nationality of the author of `` the audacity of hope ''?
what is the nationality of the author of `` the audacity of hope ''?
what is kentucky's official motto?
what languages are spoken in the place where the schipperke breed originated?
what county has a governmental office holder named kevin johnson?
what is the official language of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhujiang beer is made?
what is the official language of the country that has a thistle as its official symbol?
which of john f. kennedy's wives practiced judaism?
what liam hemsworth movie had music by aaron zigman?
what time zone is near the strathmore ( d.j. murray ) airport?
who is the vice president of the person who said `` yes we can! ``?
what is the political system in the country where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is made?
where was napoleon bonaparte buried?
what tv show with the smallest number of episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what type of government is used in both japan and the kingdom of prussia?
what amusement park in florida was affected by the 1848 great gale?
what movie did rihanna and emma watson star in?
what continent is the governmental body named knesset located in?
what team did santi cazorla play for that also had thierry henry on its team roster?
what is there to see and do in sydney that was opened after none2?
what country did john paul jones serve in that was featured in the work continental navies?
what movie did rihanna play in that had casting director michael bryan?
what airport is closest to the city where saint lucian creole is spoken?
what was caesar augustus known for?
where does the actor who played in the film `` border crosses '' live?
what position does the author of `` historyoria viva '' hold?
where did bob dylan live that is the birthplace of larry fitzgerald?
what arabic language speaking country contains the second level division zonguldak province?
what was the cause of death of the artist nominated for awards for `` hot things ''?
what team does santi cazorla play for that plays in emirates stadium?
where did laura ingalls wilder live that adapted it's symbol after none2?
what movies has the person who said `` miley cyrus0 '' been in?
who influenced the person who wrote `` dirge for two veterans ''?
what is the earliest established park to see in salt lake city?
what did abrahamic religions practice?
which of the harry potter movies was released first?
what currency is used in the circulation area for zhivoye dyelo?
what character born in mexico does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
which of the harry potter movies had a prequel called harry peter : part 2?
what type of government does sparta and coimbra have?
what is there to do in Staten island that was opened after none0?
which exhibition venue in madrid opened earliest?
what type of art does the person who said `` have no fear of perfection - you 'll never reach it '' do?
what athlete was drafted by the cleveland browns?
what is the time zone of the location where the movie `` girls! girls girls! '' takes place?
which german speaking country has the largest country calling code?
what book was written by michael behe and featured charles darwin?
which member of the pro-lincoln party ended his/her government position earliest?
where is the university of south carolina located with the earliest adapted governmental jurisdiction location symbol?
who was the president of france before nicolas sarkozy0?
what taoism text is in the chinese classics genre?
what are the two houses of representatives of the jurisdiction where the missouri house of representatives is located?
who was the first president of france?
what is the oldest sports team in canada?
who is the current leader of the governmental jurisdiction where wu xiaoling holds office?
who is angelina jolie brother?
which of adolf hitler's parents died first?
where did laura ingalls wilder live that uses the united states dollar?
what psychiatrist influenced both walt whitman and frantz fanon?
what does the place where the double-nosed andean tiger hound originated border?
which of william shakespeare's inspirations died from poisoning?
what form of government is used in the country with government officer named yury chaika?
where does héctor camacho live that contains the baxter building?
where is the university of south carolina located in richland county?
what instrument invented by adolphe sax did béla fleck and the flecktones play?
what stop motion movie did rihanna star in?
where is giza necropolis located with the smallest army?
what currency is used in the country where the drever breed originated?
what team founded after march 4, 1976 did warren moon play for?
who was buried in cimetière parisien de bagneux and influenced whitman?
what movie in spanish did lucy haale play in?
what is the currency of the country with the president of cuba?
what continent is the country where the greenlandic language is spoken located?
what country has the north to the future as its official symbol?
what liam hemsworth movie was decorated by james edward ferrell jr.?
what united kingdom religion was founded by guru naranak dev?
where does héctor camacho live that has an inwood neighborhood?
what did the political appointer with the title commander in chief of home forces die of?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
what type of art does salvador dalí do?
which amusement park in seattle has the smallest number of floors?
what arabic language speaking country has berber as an official language?
what time zone is the area where the newspaper the times-picayune is circulated?
what is the name of the main train station in the government of san francisco?
who appointed walt whitman to his governmental position the earliest?
what type of art did the subject of the film `` vincent van gogh : painted with words '' do?
what is the government system of the supreme court of chile?
who was the president of france in 2011?
what year did the houston rockets win their first championship?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship?
who was marriage to the actor who played in `` around the world in 80 days ''?
what languages are spoken in the place where the supreme court of chile is located?
what form of government is used in the country where the fijian language is spoken?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper dubai6 is circulated?
where was the subject of the film `` bonaparte and the revolution '' buried?
what movie directed by wes craven did lucy hale play in?
who is the governor of the state with an official symbol of protographium marcellus?
what movie is in spanish and features alyson stoner?
what is the most recently released film that rihanna has been in?
where is the san francisco board of supervisors located?
who appointed walt whitman to his governmental position the earliest?
what is there to do in the area where the emirates business 24/7 newspaper is circulated?
what german speaking country has an internet top level domain of ch?
what currency is used in the country where the federal government of mexico is located?
where is the sports team that plays in pitt stadium?
what language do bahamas speak?
what language do they speak in finland?
which attraction in sydney has the smallest capacity?
what is the official language of the country where the unicorn is an official symbol?
where does the team that plays in three rivers stadium play?
what was laura ingalls wilder famous for?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` into the arms of strangers : stories of the kindertransport '' takes place?
what currency is used in the location where the film `` iris '' takes place?
what is there to do in florida with kids?
what is there to do in the area where phnom penh post is circulated?
what position does the author of `` living history '' hold?
what is the exhibition venue that opened earliest in sydney?
what is the most recently released film that lucy haale played in?
what kind of music does the actor who played in the film `` wiz on down the road '' sing?
where did adam smith grow up?
what character did the artist nominated for awards for julie andrews : Broadway : the music of richard rodgers play in shrek 2?
what is the latest film liam hemsworth has been in?
what country produces al a sakara king beer and contains giza necropolis?
which arabic language speaking country has the largest country calling code?
where is the university of south carolina located that has eau claire as a neighborhood?
what country does joey king live in?
on what continent is the country where the kriol language is spoken?
what did albert einstein do?
which of tom brady's sports teams was founded first?
in what country is the neighborhood Sporting located?
of the writers who influenced walt whitman, which died first?
who is the governor of the state with an official symbol of agriculture and commerce?
where did the person who said `` eat to please thyself, but dress to please others? `` die?
who plays jason morgan on the tv program with the theme song `` general hospital theme song ''?
who played kirk in star trek?
what miley cyrus movie was production designed by nelson coates?
on what continent is the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named dean barrow located?
what currency is used in the country where the politics of sweden is located?
what does the artist nominated for awards for let's move! do?
what miley cyrus movie was filmed in new york city?
what are the three-toed box turtle's official symbols?
who is the current president of the circulation area of legal daily?
what team does the actor who played the character `` computer gek # 1 '' play for?
who does liv tyler play in lord of the rings?
which person who influenced antoni gaudí died first?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and died in chichester?
what miley cyrus movie was directed by scott meehan?
what is the name of miley cyrus's film directed by scott meehan?
what movie directed by andrew max cahn did lucy hale play in?
what state was the governor of when the united states ambassador to lesotho was appointed?
what taoism text influenced jorge luis borges?
what is the most recently released movie that alyson stoner starred in?
which north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country contains harlingen, friesland?
what to do in madrid?
what children's literature work did suzanne collins write?
what is the latest structure to open in seattle wa?
what rihanna movie had rick stratton as a crew member?
what form of government is used in the country where the malian franc is used?
what is the state where the film `` shoot 'em up '' takes place?
when was abraham lincoln president?
what is the newest sports team tom brady played for?
where is the government of costa rica located?
what type of government did sparta and philip iii of sparta have?
what kind of music does the producer of sometimes late at night play?
what is the capital of the country where berber languages is the official language?
what is the earliest established park to see in salt lake city?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor that died in california?
which of the harry potter movies was produced by david heman?
which peer of elizabeth smithal influenced antoni gaudí?
what politician started his/her government position after abraham lincoln0?
what type of government is used in both dominica and mongolia?
where was the battle of shiloh held that has the earliest adapted governmental jurisdiction location symbol?
who does mila kunis play in the tv program with the family guy theme song?
where does the body of water under murray baker bridge flow?
who influenced andy warhol and was buried in westwood village memorial park cemetery?
where does the river that flows through songo, mozambique begin?
who was elizabeth taylor marriage to?
what university did the speaker at the march on washington for jobs and freedom graduate from?
what countries does the river that flows through bamako flow into?
what is the official language of the place where the mudi breed originated?
who influenced the person who said `` i am a deeply superficial person ''?
what character does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what team did didier drogba play for in istanbul?
what is the zip code for the location where the movie `` battle hymn '' takes place?
what language do egyptians speak?
who plays claire in the tv program with the theme song `` lost ''?
who played kirk and also worked as a none0?
what is the nationality of the winner of the voice ( america ) - season 2?
what movie was alyson stoner in that was production designed by alexander hammond?
what type of cancer did audrey hepburn die of?
who was born in colonus and influenced arthur miller?
what did the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness do?
what are the two houses of representatives of the state that held the united states senate election in missouri in 1994?
what language family does english fall into?
which of the harry potter movies is in french?
what state has the official state tree and was the site of the battle of shiloh?
what languages are spoken where the government of egypt is located?
where did the french revolutionary wars take place that is also the location of giza necropolis?
what state is the home of the fictional character fiona coyne?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that was a military combatant in the gulf war?
what rihanna movie was edited by paul rubell?
what is the nationality of the speaker who gave the 2012 state of the union address?
on what continent is the newspaper haaretz circulated?
when did arsenal won the league?
what movie written by seth rogen did rihanna play in?
what kind of guitar does the actor who played in the film `` deep sea 3d '' play?
what did the public speaker who spoke about education reform do?
what are the two official government bodies of the state with an official symbol of american paddlefish?
what is the time zone of the district represented by john d. waihee iii?
what psychoanalyst influenced whitman?
what is the official motto of the state with a spotted bass as its official symbol?
what is there to do in the place with dubai marina?
what is the time zone in texas near the tulsa international airport?
who is the governor of the state that held the 2010 florida gubernatorial election?
where did the author who published editions for `` poor richard's almanac of 1757 '' live?
what movie was filmed in los angeles and featured miley cyrus?
who were the parents of the reich governor?
what occupation did the author of `` the prime of miss jean brodie '' have?
what are the names of the characters in the family guy theme song?
where did the person who said `` eat to please thyself, but dress to please others? `` die?
who is the president of france that was the subject of the film `` nicolas sarkozy0 ''?
what is the official language of the country where harbin beer is made?
what language family does the language kenosha belong to?
who is the president of the country where brahui is spoken?
what language found in the fictional universe buffyverse do australians speak?
what is the timezone of the state with an official symbol of a aquatic animal?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and wrote `` eddie fisher0 ''?
which exhibition venue in madrid opened most recently?
who influenced andy warhol to write music for chameleons?
what is the name of the train station in the district where edwin m. lee was elected?
what amusement park in madrid has the batman : la fuga ride?
who does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
in what state is the fictional universe regenesis located?
what type of government did the country where doric greek is spoken have?
where did the person who said `` eat to please thyself, but dress to please others? `` die?
where is the second level division la uniã³n located?
who plays riley finn in buffy the vampire slayer?
what language is spoken in the country where cerveza colonos del llanquihue lager premium artesanal beer is made?
who was the first president of the afl?
who was marriage to the author of antony and cleopatra?
what is there to do in the place where the fictional universe `` shameless '' takes place?
what country has an official symbol of picea sitchensis?
what are the major religions in canada that worships jesus christ?
what are the colors of the team that plays at university of phoenix stadium?
who influenced whitman to become a politician and held the title of united states secretary of the government?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of legal daily?
who influenced both walt whitman and jacques lacan?
what is there to do in manchester, north carolina with the team manchester united f.c.?
what jobs were held by the politician appointed to his position by continental congress?
what kind of music does michael jackson sing?
what currency is used in the place where the chihuahua breed originated?
who does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
which member of the lincoln family ended his/her government position earliest?
what languages are spoken where the chilean escudo is used as currency?
what currency is used in the country where the tsonga language is spoken?
where did the political appointer with the title commander in chief of home forces die?
which of the none8 draft picks completed more than 64 passes?
who influenced the actor who played in the movie `` normal love ''?
what team did the football player purchased by real madrid c.f. play for in 2010?
what german speaking country has an official symbol of leo belgicus?
what language do the hopi indians speak?
what movies from the united states of america did lucy hale play in?
where did bob dylan live that was the filming location of the tv program `` malibu0 ''?
what currency is used in the country where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is made?
what was the author of `` i dream 'd i lay where flow'rs were springing '' famous for?
what is the mascot of the school that joshua lyman graduated from?
who influenced arthur miller?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` justine '' takes place?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
who played leia organa in none0?
who started the organization that acquired volvo cars?
when was the president who spoke about egalitarianism sworn into office?
who influenced whitman to write ivanhoe?
which cleveland browns quarterback had the largest passing attempts?
who plays saruman in the film with the soundtrack the lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring?
which member of the jonas brothers started his/her relationship most recently?
what movies were released after miley cyrus0?
what is the time zone of the state with an official symbol of american paddlefish?
where is the university of south carolina located that has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after none2?
who played darth vader in the film with the soundtrack classic FM : star wars suite and other great film music?
what religion in canada has a deity named the holy spirit?
where does the body of water under dona ana bridge begin?
what movie written by melissa rivers did alyson stoner play in?
which of jane austen's books were made into movies?
what was the cause of death of the actor who sang breakfast at tiffany's?
who is the president of france that has a governmental body called the national assembly?
what was the subject of the movie `` the loves of robert burns '' famous for?
who was marriage to the actor who played in the film `` bUtterfield 8 ''?
what movies in the harry potter series did richard harris play in?
which of john f. kennedy's wives wrote my story?
what tv show with the smallest number of episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what type of government does chile and brazil have?
which amusement park in seattle has the smallest number of floors?
what team did reggie bush play for that has a football team on its roster?
who was the united states secretary of state who influenced whitman whitman?
what currency is used in the country with seal of the mexico as its coat of arms?
what movie released in germany did alyson stoner star in?
what currency is used in the area affected by tropical depression two-e?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the 15th cabinet of puerto rico is located?
what language family does english fall into that includes the aragonese language?
what country exports to the country where the fictional character tutankhamun lived?
who was marriage to the actor who played prince hamlet?
what was jonathan swift's most recent job?
what miami metropolitan area sports team did reggie bush play for?
what is there to do in the emirates hills neighborhood?
what rihanna movie was edited by colby parker?
what type of art did the visual artist who created the art series of butterflies do?
what language did the roman empire speak?
what killed the actor who played in whitney houston : a song for you : live?
what movie decorated by gary fettis did alyson stoner play in?
what year did covergirl sponsored shawn johnson win gold?
what character born in mexico does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
who plays jason morgan on general hospital?
what is there to do in the place where the movie `` luna park sydney6 '' takes place?
what type of government did sparta and the kingdom of portugal have?
where does the actor who played in the film `` new york '' live?
who founded visteon motor company?
what peer of jasper johns influenced andy warhol?
who is marriage to the artist award nominated for `` theatre world award ''?
what is the birthplace of the kenyaan athlete?
what was the cause of death of the politician appointed by paul von hindenburg?
what taoism text was written by fu xi?
where did the film stand by me take place?
what is there to do in salt lake city with the smallest number of annual visitors?
what is there to do in the state with the supreme court of florida?
what arabic language speaking country contains adana province?
what was caesar augustus known for?
what is the country where the fictional character batman lived?
which of adolf hitler's parents died first?
what year did the actor who played computer gek # 1 get drafted?
what type of music does the litigant in the trial of michael jackson sing?
who is the head coach of the team that plays in m & t bank stadium?
who plays claire in the multipart episodes the Incident?
what coming of age movie did alyson stoner play in?
what is the currency of the government of south africa?
what actor played in the film `` constantine '' and is a member of bush?
what type of cancer did the actor who played in the film `` the best of donna summer : the DVD collection '' have?
who is the current president of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhujiang beer is made?
who played darth vader in the film that jake lloyd was a crew member of?
what type of government does sparta and coimbra have?
what movie about naval battle did rihanna star in?
which of the sports teams for which reggie bush played was founded first?
what was laura ingalls wilder famous for?
which american football player started the afl?
what country does the niger river flow through that has an acting prime minister '' -g?
what amusement park in florida is owned by merlin entertainments?
who plays steffy forrester on the tv show with the theme song `` the bold and the beautiful ''?
what form of government is used in the place where the samoyed breed originated?
what language is spoken in the bahamas and kenosha?
on what continent is the seselwa creole language spoken?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the 16th cabinet of puerto rico is located?
who influenced the author of william shakespeare0?
what coming of age movie did alyson stoner star in?
who was the person william howard taft dedicated his work to that influenced whitman whitman?
what team did cristiano ronaldo and michael essien play for in 2010?
who played kirk and contributed to the story of none0?
which german speaking country has the smallest army?
what is the holy book of taoism0?
what form of government is used in the country where the chilean escudo is used?
what is the time zone of the state that held the united states senate election in hawaii in 2010?
who played chucky in child's play?
what are the powers of the parent of samuel wilder?
who played dorothy in the movie that holly Bane was a crew member on?
what movie was alyson stoner in that had a prequel called step up 2 : the streets?
what team did the football player purchased by real madrid c.f. play for in 2010?
what type of cancer did audrey hepburn die of?
what language is spoken where abasi is used as currency?
what english language movies has miley cyrus been in?
what movie did miley cyrus and cynthia nixon star in?
who played leia organa and was nominated for an award for best screenplay, adapted?
what children's literature work is about friendship?
which author, who published editions for the classics of the four fundamental concepts of evolution, influenced grant allen?
what tennessee Oilers team did warren moon play for?
where does bob dylan live that was the filming location of the tv program `` mama's house ''?
where is the government of the republic of seychelles located?
what arabic language speaking country was the fictional character sayid jarrah born in?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in the united kingdom?
what miley cyrus movie was released to blu-ray disc?
what arabic language speaking country was involved in the iran–iraq war?
what year did arsenal won the league?
which attraction in sydney has the smallest capacity?
what languages are spoken in the area where the newspaper akhbar el-yom is circulated?
who played darth vader in the film that kat graham was a crew member of?
where is the currency akã§e used?
who is the current president of the circulation area of reference news?
who plays saruman in the film that kat graham was a crew member of?
what is the name of the text of the religion founded by muhammad in islam?
what tv show did joey lawrence star in that has the smallest number of seasons?
for what was the person who dedicates their work to marcus vitruvius pollio most well known?
who influenced antoni gaudí and wrote the story of the glittering plain?
what language do they speak in the place where najdi arabic4 is located?
what is the time zone of the location where the movie `` blue hawaii '' takes place?
what form of government is used in the country where the kazakh language is spoken?
what movie did lucy haale play in that was decorated by lesley beale?
what is the name of the train station where the san francisco 4th and king street station is located?
what liam hemsworth movie was produced by alex proyas?
what jobs did benjamin franklin have?
what languages are spoken by the subject of the film `` no more smoke signals ''?
what type of art does salvador dalí do?
what university of michigan football team did tom brady play for?
who played boss hogg in the tv show with the theme song `` the dukes of hazzard ( good ol'boys ) ''?
who is the current senator of the united states senate?
what is there to do in new york city that is located in Staten island?
what company acquired mushroom group in 2012?
where is midlothian and hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry?
which public speaker spoke about egalitarianism and influenced whitman whitman?
which member of the united states congress inspired whitman to become a writer?
what language found in the fictional universe buffyverse is spoken in the bahamas?
who is the governor of the state that held the united states senate election in tennessee in 2008?
who played darth vader in the film with the soundtrack classic FM : star wars suite and other great film music?
what miley cyrus movie was written by nicholas sparks?
who was born in cã©te saint-luc and played kirk?
what languages are spoken in the place where tutankhamun lived?
what minneapolis team did warren moon play for?
who influenced andy warhol and died in neuilly-sur-seine?
what type of government is used in both dominica and fiji?
what did the actor who played in `` limp bizkit : kicks : unauthorized '' do?
what type of government does gebel elba have?
where did the person who dedicated their work to levani live?
who was galileo galilei0's academic advisor?
where does the body of water under chirundu bridge begin?
what currency is used in the country with official symbol of coquí?
which exhibition venue in sydney opened earliest?
what form of government is used in both bosnia and herzegovina and in russia?
what is the title of the judge appointed by william johnson?
what type of art did the visual artist who created hospital in arles do?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper barcelona0 circulates?
what canadian sports are sponsored by telus?
what continent is the country that contains the second level division lã¡sã³sãº?
where does sam shepard live in washington county?
what animation movies has miley cyrus been in?
what is the philosophy of taoism?
what state with an official symbol of tiger salamander does the illinois river flow through?
what country with the smallest country calling code does the niger river flow through?
what country with the smallest country calling code does the niger river flow through?
who influenced arthur miller and wrote the comedy of errors?
which cleveland browns quarterback had the smallest passing attempts?
who is the governor of the state with the official symbol of state commercial fish?
what was the cause of death of the actor who played in the film `` dutch in seven lessons ''?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
who influenced whitman?
what is the official language of the place where the puli breed originated?
who was the governor of the area affected by the great gale of 1848?
what fantasy genre did charles darwin write?
what state has a fossil as its state symbol and is home to littleton?
which of the harry potter movies had music by nicholas hooper?
what television shows does joey lawrence play in?
what languages are spoken in the place where the malinois breed originated?
what team did the subject of the film cristiano ronaldo0 play for in 2010?
which peer of desiderius erasmus influenced william shakespeare to write poetry?
what was charles darwin's earliest published work?
what miley cyrus movie was written by candace bushnell?
where is the birthplace of the sponsor of covergirl?
what cartoon pornography movies has miley cyrus been in?
which amusement park in salt lake city has the largest number of annual visitors?
what currency is used in the country where ridna marka pshenychne weissbier etalon beer is made?
what animated cartoon movie did alyson stoner play in?
what jobs did benjamin franklin have?
what country held the alaska senate election in 2010?
what year did the subject of the movie `` jordan rides the bus '' get drafted?
which peer of michael crichton influenced roy lichtenstein?
what movie directed by elliott glick did miley cyrus play in?
what speculative fiction did emily dickinson write?
when was the last time the team that plays in the bronx won the world series?
who served as vice president under the president who spoke about energy development?
which member of the pro-lincoln party ended his/her government position earliest?
what miley cyrus movie was nominated for an award with the cast of the whole cast?
what is the name of the member of the jonas brothers who played in johnny kapahala : back on board?
what country held the alaska 2008 united states of america senate election?
who is the president of the area affected by tropical depression two-e?
what is the name of the main train station in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position of mayor of san francisco?
which of the venues in sydney has the smallest capacity?
what arabic language speaking country is the setting of jojo's bizarre adventure?
what thriller movies has liam hemsworth played in?
what movie was alyson stoner in that was produced by alan sacks?
what movies does alyson stoner play in?
what did albert einstein do?
what is the national sport of canada?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that has the position title vice premier of the people's republic of china?
what is the name of the train station in the place where the fictional character mr. wong lived?
who was the president of france in 2011 that was also a member of the general council?
what movie with a prequel named scream 3 did lucy hale play in?
which member of order of st. olav influenced arthur miller?
what movie did miley cyrus play in that was production designed by dennis gassner?
what languages are spoken in the country where sinebrychoff kaura beer is made?
what currency is used in the country where the government of ukraine is located?
who plays gavin rossdale in bush?
what tv show with the smallest number of episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what german speaking country has vatican radio?
what coming of age movie did lucy hale play in?
what liam hemsworth movie was decorated by lesley beale?
who did the cleveland browns draft that had passing statistics of less than 1?
who was the speaker at the 4th joint debate at charleston who influenced whitman?
what currency is used in the country where the ukrainian karbovanets is used?
what german speaking country was ruled by christopher of bavaria?
what movies did the artist award nominated for miley cyrus0 play in?
what was jonathan swift's profession that ended after june 27, 1993?
what liam hemsworth movie had rob nokes as a crew member?
where did vincenzo viviani go to school?
what movie was filmed in hamilton and featured alyson stoner?
who plays brian austin green on the tv program with the theme song 90210?
who played darth vader in the film with the soundtrack star wars : the phantom menace?
what is there to do in the place where the fictional universe xanth takes place?
what is the currency of the government of costa rica?
who was the speaker at the third joint debate at jonesboro and influenced whitman whitman?
where does the producer of `` bob dylan6 '' live?
what is there to do in florida with an official symbol of in god we trust?
who is marriage to the award nominated artist for the venice film festival upstream prize for best actress?
what is there to do in the cuatro vientos neighborhood?
what biography did charles darwin write?
what religion founded by gautama buddha buddhisma is practiced in australia?
what does the parent of coop do?
what is the birthplace of the artist nominated for awards for `` how great thou art ''?
what form of government is used in the place where the fictional character tutankhamun lived?
who is the governor of the state with the motto `` in god we trust ''?
what country does the niger river flow through that exports to the united states of america?
which of the two major religions in the united kingdom was founded by sarah?
what language is spoken in the country that has althing?
what currency is used in the country where jamaican english is the official language?
in what state is the oakwood–vaughan neighborhood located?
what is the official language of the governmental body called state administration of foreign exchange?
which member of bush was born in newport?
what language do the navajo indians speak?
what type of government did sparta and the kingdom of portugal have?
what country speaks arabic language and uses type c power plugs?
which hotel in dubai has the smallest number of floors?
who plays nadia on the tv program with the theme song nadia's theme?
who was the president of france in 2011?
what currency is used in the country with official symbol of ceiba pentandra?
what state was the governor of when the united states attorney for the northern district of georgia was appointed?
who served as vice president under the president who gave the 2012 state of the union address?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in australia?
what kind of government does russia have?
what movie did lucy haale play in that was production designed by james peter?
in which year did the detroit pistons beat the portland trail blazers in the championship?
where does the producer of `` bob dylan4 '' live?
what liam hemsworth movie was written by nicholas sparks?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has echt-susteren as a second level division?
who played chucky in child's play?
where is the circulation area of the `` littleton0 '' newspaper?
what does anderson silva do?
which cleveland browns wide receiver was drafted with the smallest amount of passing attempts?
what movies does miley cyrus play in?
what language family does the fictional universe view askewniverse belong to?
which cleveland cleveland browns quarterback had a passing attempt statistic of less than 224?
who were the wives of the public speaker who spoke about the berlin wall?
what team founded after 1967 did reggie bush play for?
what venue in powerhouse museum0 opened after 2007-12-20?
what is the capital of the state that held the united states senate election in montana in 2008?
who is the governor of the fictional universe of xanth?
who influenced whitman to become a member of the illinois house of representatives?
what type of government does sparta and the Anglo portuguese forces have?
what is the sacred text of the religion that was founded by laozi?
what currency is used in the place where the poltava breed originated?
what killed the actor who played julia biggs?
what team owned by the subject of the film `` the house of steinbrenner ''?
who plays saruman in the film that stephen regelous was a crew member on?
what did the speaker at the 2012 state of the union address do?
where does the artist award nominated for bob dylan live?
what miley cyrus movie was decorated by lydia marks?
what language do the black irish speak?
what is barack obama's nationality?
what type of government does sparta and the Anglo portuguese forces have?
what countries does the river that flows through niamey flow into?
what currency is used in the area affected by hurricane jose?
who played darth vader in the film that kat graham was a crew member of?
who said `` none0 '' and played kirk?
what stop motion movies has miley cyrus been in?
what miami metropolitan area sports team did reggie bush play for?
when was abraham lincoln sworn into office?
who wrote the text of sahih al-bukhari?
what thriller movie did rihanna play in?
who plays jason morgan on general hospital?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion founded by islam0?
where does bob dylan live that has the position title mayor of minneapolis?
where does joey king live that has a neighborhood called paradise palms?
what league does the team that plays in lucas oil stadium play in?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` the proud and profane '' takes place?
what movie with cinematography by brandon trost did rihanna play in?
what currency is used in the country where the tunisian franc is used?
who influenced arthur miller and wrote the two gentlemen of verona?
what is the political system of the military combatant involved in the battle of kulikovo?
what language do they speak in iceland?
where does the body of water under the mcclugage bridge flow?
what is the name of the train station where the san francisco 4th and king street station is located?
who plays the parent of none0?
what do chilean people speak?
what team with a halfback did tom brady play for?
who was the first president of france?
what engineered language do australians speak?
what is the official language of the country where the court of session is located?
what type of government does the country that has the ministry of justice have?
what movie produced by ben myron did alyson stoner play in?
what television film did lucy hale play in?
who was the president of france in 2011 that held the position of finance minister?
what type of cancer did donna summers die from that was the subject of the movie `` 50/50 ''?
who served as vice president under the president who spoke about education reform?
who voiced the voice of the actor who was born in tatooine?
what movie had miley cyrus as a crew member and crew member?
what did charles darwin write?
what form of government is used in the place where the araucana breed originated?
what is the nationality of the public speaker who spoke about education reform?
what politician started his/her government position after abraham lincoln0?
where is the country where the ottoman turkish language is spoken?
what is there to do in the place where the fictional character gilChesterton lived?
what type of government does the country where the cordoba fighting dog originated have?
what country speaks arabic language and uses type c power plugs?
what is the capital of the country where the morocco franc is used as currency?
where does bob dylan live in los angeles county?
what did charles darwin do?
what tv shows with a run time of less than 60 minutes did joey lawrence star in?
which member of the pro-lincoln political party ended his/her government position earliest?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship with the orlando magic as the runner up?
who shot the actor who played in the movie `` recognition of the japanese zero fighter ''?
what liam hemsworth movie was nominated for an award with the description `` katniss everdeen ''?
where is littleton, colorado and produces coors light beer?
what is the official language of the country where the shetland sheepdog originated?
what languages are spoken in the country where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is made?
what team did the subject of the film `` cristiano ronaldo0 '' play for in 2010?
where did the author who published editions for south dakota live?
who is the governor of the place that has the supreme court of florida?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what arabic language speaking country was the subject of the film twelve disciples of nelson mandela?
who was the u.s. attorney for the northern district of georgia that assassinated the political appointer?
who plays balthazar in bush?
what type of government did sparta and manuel i of portugal have?
who was the president of france in 2011?
what currency is used in the country that was involved in the battle of kulikovo?
what is the name of the state where none0 lives?
where did the politician appointed by paul von hindenburg die?
who is the current president of the governmental body called state council of the people's republic of china?
where is the ocean that contains lilliput and Blefuscu?
what languages are spoken in the country with second level division corfu?
which hotel in dubai has the smallest number of floors?
when was the last time the team that plays at oriole park at camden yards won the world series?
what did charles darwin do?
who played darth vader in the film that jake lloyd was a crew member of?
what country is a trading partner of china and has a capital called kennedy's inaugural address?
what are the two houses of representatives of the missouri house of representatives?
what arabic language speaking country has compatible power plug type f?
what children's literature books did suzanne collins write?
what is the capital of the state with an official symbol of nymphalis antiopa?
what is the capital of the state where george w. bush was elected?
what language is spoken in the country with nassau as its capital?
what country does the niger river flow through that uses the west african cfa franc?
the country that has the argentina national anthem has what type of government?
what language is spoken in the country that uses the chilean peso?
which of the two major religions in the united kingdom follow the bible?
where is the giza Necropolis located that contains the cairo governorate?
what is the mascot of the organization led by nicolas s. zeppos?
where is the university of south carolina located in the utc−05:00:00 time zone?
where did héctor camacho live before he died?
what is the occupation of the person who once lived in fairmount?
what country speaks arabic language in the central time zone?
who is the president of the country with national anthem himno nacional mexicano?
who was drafted by the team with mascot named chomps?
what continent is the country with the national anthem hatikvah located in?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion that uses sharia?
what amusement park in florida has rick scott as a government official?
what language do navajo people speak?
what league does the team that won the super bowl xli play in?
what arabic language speaking country was the location where zola levitt presents was filmed?
what is the time zone in the state with honolulu county as its capital?
what amusement park in florida has a governmental office holder named jeb bush?
the country that contains krasnodar krai has what type of government?
where is the headquarters of the organization led by rupert stadler?
the country that contains magallanes y la antartica chilena has what type of government?
who is the president of the country with qaumi taranah as its national anthem?
what movie did rihanna play in that has a character named commander?
where is giza necropolis located in the eastern european time zone?
what league does the team owned by jim irsay play in?
what did galileo galilei do?
what team owned by serena williams did reggie bush play for?
what is the mascot of the educational institution that publishes the yale herald?
what currency is used in the country whose capital is tunis?
who is the current president of france?
what type of government does the country that uses the argentina peso have?
the country that contains cartago province is located in what continent?
what kind of music does the artist who had a concert tour named michael jackson6 play?
who is the governor of the state with tallahassee as its capital?
where does sam shepard live in the utc−05:00:00 time zone?
what continent is the country that uses the costa rican colón located in?
who inspired the person who once lived at 1342 lexington avenue?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem himno nacional mexicano?
what did the person who attended state elementary school menteng 01 do?
what language spoken in indonesia is also found in the fictional universe buffyverse?
what tv show with the smallest number of seasons did joey lawrence star in?
what is the earliest structure to open in Staten island?
in what time zone is the government with the title mayor of new orleans located?
what country speaks welsh and was the birthplace of robert darcy, 4th Earl of holderness?
where did the actor who played in man-up! go to school?
what state is joe biden senator for?
what kind of government does fiji have?
what currency is used in the country where the chicomuceltec language is spoken?
what are the names of the harry potter movies?
where did the speaker at thomas jefferson 1801 presidential inauguration die?
what west germanic languages language do japanese speak?
who is the president of france 2011?
what year did the detroit pistons win the championship with a score of 4-1?
what time zone is the area where the newspaper honolulu record is circulated?
where does the artist nominated for awards for `` sam shepard0 '' live?
what is the name of the sorority wars edited film that lucy haale played in?
what is there to do in the location where the film `` the passenger '' takes place?
what team that plays at century link field did warren moon play for?
what is the capital of the country that speaks morocco arabic?
what killed the actor from whitney houston : the greatest hits?
what is nicolas cage son name?
where is the currency kuruş used?
what type of government does the area where the newspaper aurora de chile is circulated have?
when was william howard taft sworn into office?
where did caroline kennedy go to school that has headquarters in cambridge?
when was abraham lincoln president?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that have a sequel called harry harry and the chamber of Secrets?
who is the president of the country where gull terrier breed originated?
where does sam shepard live where the currency is the united states dollar?
what type of government does canada, where emanuel lasker was born, have?
what movie directed by seth rogen did rihanna play in?
who influenced arthur miller and said `` first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers ''?
who influenced arthur miller and william godwin?
what is jack london famous for?
what country borders bolivia and was the birthplace of paddington bear?
which north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has the smallest country calling code?
where is giza necropolis located with an army of less than 780000?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship with a score of 4-0?
what currency is used in the country where santa fe beer factory luna llena beer is made?
what was the cause of death of the actor who played jo stockton?
what is there to do in seattle wa?
which countries speak arabic language and have an army greater than 10000?
what movie did alyson stoner play in that had costumes designed by lesley beale?
what is the latest structure to open in dubai?
what movie was liam hemsworth in that had casting director michael gordon?
what team did reggie bush play for that has a football team on its roster?
what language is found in the fictional tortall universe and is also spoken in indonesia?
where did caroline kennedy go to school in new york city?
who is the president of the country where the chihuahua breed originated?
what type of government does japan have that is shared by austria-hungary and japan?
where is israel located?
what currency is used in the country where falcon beer is made?
who is the governor of the state that held the united states senate election in florida in 2010?
what rihanna movie was produced by brian goldner?
what language is spoken in the united kingdom and kenosha?
what walt disney pictures production did alyson stoner star in?
what type of government does the location of the film `` argentina0 '' have?
who influenced whitman?
what is the zip code for the location where the movie `` inglewood0 '' takes place?
what movie produced by 20th century fox did alyson stoner play in?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the politics of sweden is located?
what airport is closest to the circulation area of the cornell progressive newspaper?
who is the president of the area affected by cyclone mexico?
what countries speak arabic language and were involved in the military conflict of the six-day war?
what instrument does the artist nominated for `` béla fleck and the flecktones '' play?
what team founded after 1879 did tom brady play for?
what other languages are spoken in the country where picard is spoken?
which of the harry potter movies featured the song magic works?
what is the nationality of the subject of the film barack obama anak menteng?
who influenced andy warhol and was nominated for the golden globe award for new star of the year – actor?
what currency is used in the country that contains the second level division cartago?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that have fiona weir as the film casting director?
which author dedicated their work to lady windermere's fan influenced whitman?
on what continent is the supreme court of israel located?
when did arsenal won the league?
what is there to do in salt lake city with the smallest number of annual visitors?
what rihanna movie was produced by mandate pictures?
what continent is the country where the israeli lira is used?
what movie about a dog did miley cyrus star in?
what language is spoken in the place where the icelandic sheepdog originated?
which member of bush was born in crawley?
what team sponsored by iberdrola does santi cazorla play for?
what is barack obama's nationality?
what is the name of the train station where the film `` san francisco 4th and king street station '' takes place?
what character does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what is the name of the main train station in the city where anchor steam beer is made?
where does the person who said `` none0 '' live?
what language is mainly spoken in great britain but also in indonesia?
what is the currency of the country where the south african pound is used?
what to do in seattle wa?
where did the fictional character juliet van heuson live before he died?
what type of government does canada and the kingdom of prussia have?
what peer of fredrich wilhelm joselling influenced whitman?
what kind of music does michael jackson sing?
where did the actor who played in the film wimbledon 2007 final : roger federer vs. nadal grow up?
who played the character that was born in none0?
who appointed walt whitman to his governmental position the earliest?
who is the governor of the state with the state sport fish as its official symbol?
what is the time zone of the country with reef triggerfish as an official symbol?
what is the author of `` a modest proposal '' famous for?
what german speaking country is run by the government of germany?
where does joey king live that has a county named clark county?
where is the headquarters of the company that acquired ducati?
what catholic is the current senator of maryland?
what movies in the hunger games series did liam hemsworth play in?
where is midlothian and uses the pound sterling as currency?
what country does bolivia border that contains nova roma?
what movies did the artist award nominated for miley cyrus0 play in?
where is the birthplace of the sponsor of circuit city?
what country is the government of alaska located in?
who did julie andrews play in shrek 2?
which actress who played rose loomis was john f. kennedy's first wife?
what did the speaker at march on washington for jobs and freedom do?
who played boss hogg in the dukes of hazzard : the beginning?
what did the actor who played in the film `` the best of donna summers : the DVD collection '' die of?
what killed the producer of whitney : the greatest hits?
what movie produced by marianne maddalena did lucy hale play in?
who did the cleveland browns draft?
which amusement park in salt lake city has the largest number of annual visitors?
what is the name of the train station in the place where the fictional character chloe king lived?
where is giza necropolis and the setting of jojo's bizarre adventure?
what is the official language of the country with leo belgicus as an official symbol?
what is there to do in sydney with kids?
who plays lois in the program with the family guy theme song?
what language is found in the fictional tortall universe and is also spoken in indonesia?
what language is spoken in the place where the araucana breed originated?
what is the title of the chief justice of the united states in the courthouse in united states supreme court building?
what state has the earliest adapted governmental jurisdiction location symbol and is home to littleton?
what language with the rosetta project code xloj do australians speak?
who did alfred kirwa yego play for?
what is the time zone of the area affected by tropical storm fabio?
where is midlothian located that has the scottish government?
what native american language is found in the tortall universe?
what south african province is johannesburg?
which member of the episcopal church marriage elizabeth taylor?
what is the author who published editions for dreams from my father famous for?
who influenced girard desargues and influenced whitman?
what movie produced by universal studios did rihanna play in?
which of charles darwin's books was published first?
what is the nationality of the public speaker who spoke about energy development?
what currency is used in the circulation area of social-demokraten?
what currency is used in the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is made?
what taoism text influenced mozi?
who played darth vader in the film that kat graham was a crew member of?
which cleveland browns draft pick started his career the earliest?
what major religion in canada has ali as a notable figure?
what is the nationality of the person who went to neolani elementary school?
what form of government is used in the country with bamako as its capital?
which maryland senators held their governmental position from after january 3, 1987?
what is the official language of the country that uses the jamaican dollar?
who served as vice president under the president who once lived in the white house?
what country has the renminbi as its currency and speaks tibetan?
what major religion in the united kingdom has the shulchan aruch text?
what is the nationality of the artist who went on the believe tour?
who is the head coach of the team with a mascot named poe?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem la borinqueña?
what did the famous person who went to harrogate college do?
what team with mascot named k. c. wolf did warren moon play for?
what arabic language speaking country has baghdad as its capital?
what continent is the governmental jurisdiction where margrethe ii of denmark is located located?
where is the country that uses the sultani as currency?
the country that contains moscow has what type of government?
what is the nationality of the person who attended state elementary school menteng 01?
where did laura ingalls wilder live in the mountain time zone?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion that uses sunnah?
who is the current president of the country that uses renminbi as its currency?
what country speaks arabic language in the central time zone?
who is the brother of the famous person who went to william o. schaefer elementary school?
what team did tom brady play for that won the super bowl xxxviii championship?
where is the country with the capital of dalkeith?
who is the president of european unionropean parliament?
what did the famous person who went to pontiac central high school do?
where did the artist who had an oral fixation tour come from?
when was the last championship won by the team owned by jerry buss?
what is the official language of the country where the show `` the bride with white hair '' was filmed?
what team with a mascot named galatasaray s.k. didier drogba play for in 2013?
where is the country with istanbul as its capital?
what is the holy book of the religion with notable figure taoism0?
who played chucky in child's play?
where is the giza Necropolis located and the location of cairo?
people from the country that has the afghan national anthem speak what languages?
what type of music does the artist who had a concert tour named this is it tour play?
what language is spoken in the country that has taiwanese county?
where does roger moore live now?
who did the cleveland browns draft?
what team with a mascot named minnesota vikings did warren moon play for?
where is midlothian and the birthplace of jack osborne?
what is there to do in the location that appointed ana Botella to a governmental position?
which of the harry potter movies were directed by lucinda Thomson?
what are the official languages of the government of belgium?
what is the name of the major trading partner of germany?
which of william shakespeare's inspirations contributed to the story of metamorphoses?
what team did the actor who played in the film `` cristiano ronaldo0 '' play for in 2010?
who influenced william shakespeare and was influenced by philip sidney?
on what continent is the newspaper seychelles nation circulated?
what languages are spoken in the country where the tamaskan dog breed originated?
which structure in dubai has the largest number of floors?
where did the visual artist who created the art series three musicians live?
what currency is used in the circulation area of la dã¨pêche tunisienne?
who influenced arthur miller and william hazlitt?
what movie did the subject of the image `` rihanna on a plane '' play in?
who influenced both bauhaus and antoni gaudí?
what movie featured the song safe & sound and featured liam hemsworth?
who played leia organa and contributed to the story of postcards from the edge?
what year did the actor who played in nfl : super bowl xxxix get drafted?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where the state council of the people's republic of china is located?
what is there to do in salt lake city that was established after 1909-07-31?
what is the ethnicity of the actor who played in the movie `` the wizards return : alex vs. alex ''?
where did the actor who played in the film `` none0 '' live?
what currency is used in the place where the cubalaya breed originated?
what school attended by caroline kennedy has the latest founding date?
what country with a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after 1970 did sam shepard live in?
what is the zip code for the location where the movie `` price of glory '' takes place?
where did the author of the wealth of nations grow up?
what other movies has the actor who played liam hemsworth6 played in?
what thriller movie does liam hemsworth play in?
in what county is the minnesota daily circulated?
what is the name of the train station where the san francisco call newspaper is circulated?
what is there to do in the location where the movie `` a hobo's christmas '' takes place?
who is the president of the united states that held the legislative session of the 5th united states congress?
what did donna summers die of?
what countries does the niger river pass through that has a calling code greater than 224?
where did the author of sidereus nuncius go to school?
what movie produced by alloy entertainment did lucy hale play in?
what did the person who said `` let us do or die '' do?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` the treasure of the sierra madre '' takes place?
what attraction is located at 1301 second avenue in seattle, wa?
what state did the person who said `` yes we can! '' govern?
what year did arsenal won the league?
who is the current president of the governmental body called state administration of foreign exchange?
what is the official language of the country where the scottish government is located?
who is the current president of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhujiang beer is made?
in what county is the newspaper arbeitets ridder circulated?
what does the country where none0 beer is made border?
what type of government does the jurisdiction that has the president of fiji have?
what religion practiced in australia was featured in the work siddhartha?
what eastern berber languages language family language do egyptians speak?
what is the name of the harry potter movie that has a prequel called harry harry and the Philosopher's stone?
who is the current leader of the communist party of china?
what movie did liam hemsworth play in that was crewed by gordon sim?
what is barack obama's nationality?
who is marriage to scarlett johansson?
what did the actor who played nicole sims die of?
who plays chucky in child's play?
what other movies has the actor who played the character none0 been in?
who is the president of the united kingdom of great britain that was the subject of the film victoria the great?
where is giza necropolis located with the largest army?
what killed the artist nominated for awards for `` i'm your baby tonight ''?
what did the author of `` the world as i see it '' do?
what united states of american movies has liam hemsworth played in?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper el escorial6 is circulated?
what is the name of the country where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is made?
what was the cause of death of the reich governor?
what tv show with a run time of less than 60 minutes did joey lawrence play in?
what is the capital of the state with gold and silver as its official symbol?
what president influenced whitman to become a writer?
what is there to do in barcelona, california that opened after 1914?
who was the executive producer of none0 and played kirk?
of the films that lucy hale has played in, which was released most recently?
what stop motion movie did lucy haale play in?
what movie directed by francine maisler did rihanna play in?
who is the brother of the author of `` notes from my travels ''?
who was elizabeth taylor marriage to?
who did elizabeth taylor marriage?
what is the most recently released movie that alyson stoner starred in?
what is barack obama famous for?
what actress played in the film o. henry's full house and also dated john f. kennedy?
who influenced the visual artist of cars?
who influenced arthur miller and wrote a doll's house?
when did circuit city sponsored shawn johnson win gold?
which structure in seattle has the smallest number of floors?
what movie directed by aaron haye did rihanna play in?
where is the beginning of the river that flows through sesheke?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship with a score of 4-3?
what movie cast by avy kaufman did lucy haale play in?
what language is spoken where the greek drachma is used as currency?
where does héctor camacho live that is owned by peter minuit?
what movie produced by kevin williamson did lucy hale play in?
what languages are spoken in the country where sinebrychoff karan iii beer is made?
what movie did lucy hale play in that was production designed by gae s. buckley?
what language is spoken in the country with compatible power plugs of type bs 546?
who did the author of `` john f. kennedy0 '' have affairs with?
what language do they speak in taiwan?
what movie about alien invasion did rihanna star in?
who is the governor of the state with the tennessee supreme court?
what club with a Striker on its roster did santi cazorla play for?
what australian religion influenced arthur schopenhauer?
who played darth vader in the film that kat graham was a crew member of?
what jobs did benjamin franklin have?
which of the venues in sydney has the smallest capacity?
in what movies has the lyricist of `` i learned from you '' been in?
where does the actor who played in the film `` joey king0 '' live?
who was the president of france before nicolas sarkozy2?
what major religion in the united kingdom is the subject of the movie `` Lies my father told me ''?
what time zone is the area affected by hurricane iwa?
what did charles darwin do?
who influenced the person who said `` a good newspaper is a nation talking to itself. ``?
what form of government is used in the country where the argentina peso ley is used?
what type of government does the country where cerveza colonos del llanquihue lager premium artesanal beer is made have?
what american football players were drafted by the cleveland browns?
what kind of music does the composer of `` michael jackson6 '' sing?
what movie did alyson stoner play in that was production designed by shepherd frankel?
which member of the lincoln family ended his/her government position earliest?
what school with headquarters in new york city did caroline kennedy attend?
what did the academic advisor of albert einstein6 do?
who is the president of the location where the movie `` frida '' takes place?
who was born in bartlesville and started the afl?
what is there to do in the place where the fictional character niles crane lived?
what movies in the harry potter series were produced by 1492 pictures?
who is the president of the country where the government includes the position of minister of the economy, finance and industry?
what liam hemsworth movie was produced by gaumont film company?
what liam hemsworth movie has a trailer http : //youtu.be/0bdzwrw6hnA?
what character does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what is the author of `` a modest proposal ( webster's german thesaurus edition ) '' famous for?
where is the country where the plautdietsch language is spoken?
what arabic language speaking country has compatible power plug type f?
what language, found in the fictional universe buffyverse, does guyana speak?
who is the governor of the area affected by the cyclone florida?
who played kirk in star trek?
where did the author of `` poor richard's almanac of 1735 '' live?
what is the name of the body of water under the sydney harbour bridge?
what currency is used in the area affected by hurricane otto?
who plays claire in the multipart episodes the end ( lost )?
who were the parents of the politician appointed by paul von hindenburg?
what are the sacred texts of the religion with jade emperor as a deity?
what movie was lucy hale in that john edgar park was a crew member of?
where did the visual artist who created las meninas live?
what is the best place to vacation in barcelona?
what actor played in the film `` zoolander '' and is a member of bush?
what type of government did the country where doric greek is spoken have?
of the players drafted by the cleveland browns, which one completed more than 60 passes?
who played the parent of none0?
what country that speaks norn language did james cook come from?
where did the film stand by me take place?
who influenced arthur miller and henrik wergeland?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
what language did guyana speak?
what is the official language of the country where brahma bock beer is produced?
