where is the river thames river located, and the location that appointed the minister of food to a governmental position?
who started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board and was the attorney general?
what movie released to blu-ray disc did robert pattinson star in?
what country did paul von hindenburg appointed to a governmental position?
who was vice president to the person who leonard bernstein dedicated his work to?
where does the river that originates in french broad river flow into?
what is the inventor of the mark twain2 known for?
what other inventions did the person who invented the thomas edison4, invent?
who was the politician that was appointed by ronald reagan and was a part of the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict?
what languages are spoken in the country where breed switzerlander laufhund originated?
who played darth vader in the movie that matthew lincoln was a crew member of?
what is the amusement park in madrid that has the batman : la fuga ride?
where does the owner of ecstasea live?
what form of government is used in the country affected by the cyclone tropical depression two-e?
where is auburn university located, and the county that is located in lee county?
what is there to do in houston that opened after houston4?
what show produced by henry winkler is in english?
what language is spoken in israel and the fictional universe buffyverse?
where did the subject of the film  the boy king '' go to school?
what is the latest released movie that quentin tarantino starred in?
what was the role of the speaker at march on washington for jobs and freedom?
what language is spoken in jamaica and belongs to the english-based creole languages family?
what tv show shot in new york has a run time of less than 30 minutes?
what state in midwestern united states is the location of point place?
what continent is the country that uses the south african pound as currency?
what states border the body of water that flows under the mississippi river0?
what is the main language in the country where bokml is spoken?
what movie starring regina hall that has music by vernon reed?
what movie starring taylor lautner that had debra zane as the film's casting director?
what was the first album released by the artist who wrote  hot for teacher ''?
what louisiana state university sports team did shaquille o'neal play for?
who was the actor that played in the film  the princess and the pirate '' and marriage to judy garland?
what form of government is practiced in the country where nigerian breweries star beer is produced?
what is a place to visit in mcklenburg county?
what movie starring jenna dewan that has costumes designed by durinda wood?
what movie starring omar epps that was filmed in new york city?
what movie directed by scott f. kennedy did ian somerhalder play in?
what movie directed by scott f. kennedy did ian somerhalder play in?
what is the capital of the state where the fictional character sunstreak lived?
when did captain dustin brown's hockey team last win the stanley cup?
when did captain dustin brown's hockey team last win the stanley cup?
what airport is home to airtran airtran airline?
which politician, who was appointed by thomas jefferson, was influenced by baron de montesquie?
what state does the mississippi river run through that has a governmental body called minnesota senate?
what other inventions did the person who said  thomas edison4 '' invent?
which of the presidents who were in the kennedy family died first?
what movies did tom cruise star in?
what type of music composed by ludwig van beethoven is featured in the film in the shadow of the stars?
what religion did the speaker who spoke about the berlin wall follow?
what movie starring j.j. abrams that was filmed in germany?
who is the leader of the country that contains azad kashmir?
what is the mascot of the university with a leadership role of mr. communodore?
what country bordering bolivia that contains gois?
who is the current coach of the sports team owned by steve biscio?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem ee mungu nguvu yetu?
what currency is used in the country with rift valley province?
what was the last world series won by the new york yankees?
what form of government is practiced in the country with national anthem god bless fiji?
who is the current leader of the country where the tv show the bride with white hair was filmed?
what currency is used in the country with kronoberg county?
where does héctor camacho live in the utc05:00:00 time zone?
what state has a capital named columbia and is where the university of south carolina is located?
what is the main language in the country whose capital is brussels?
what religions are in canada that have the bible as a text?
where did the illustrator of the book fleur de joie live?
what state with a capital named st. louis river is located on a map?
where is the giza necropolis located that appointed hosni mubarak to a governmental position?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem la bayamesa?
what form of government is used in the country that uses the chilean peso as currency?
what language is spoken in the country that uses afghan afghani as currency?
what are the colors of the team whose mascot is big red?
where is the university of south carolina gamecocks men's basketball team located?
what religion in australia has a chapel as a place of worship?
what country is the location that appointed sean parnell to a governmental position?
what form of government is used in the country with national anthem le mali?
the country that has the national anthem koste seselwa is located in which continent?
what year did the champion of the 1994 nba finals win the championship?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem of russia?
what country that appointed dioncounda traor to governmental position does the niger river flow into?
what country with the capital of edinburgh speaks welsh?
what airport is closest to the city whose national anthem is sons and daughters of saint lucia?
what continent is the country with the capital of san jose located?
what team with mascot named sir saint did reggie bush play for in 2012?
what jobs did the famous person who went to luitpold gymnasium do?
what jobs did the famous person who went to aargonal school do?
who is the current leader of the country that has national people's congress?
who is the artist that went on the jonas brothers concert tour?
who is the artist that went on the jonas brothers concert tour?
where did the person who lived in the galileo galilei0 attend university?
what religion in canada has a place of worship called chapel?
what currency is used in the country that imports from zimbabwe?
the country that has the national anthem there is a lovely country located on what continent?
what country does nigeral river flow through in the greenwich mean time zone?
where is the team with mascot named pittsburgh steelers?
who played darth vader in the film with a character named scott?
what language is spoken in the country with n3grd county?
who started ford mexico holdings inc?
what form of government is practiced in the country with national anthem bilady bilady bilady bilady?
what time zone is the state with the capital of jefferson city?
what is the most recently opened attraction in barcelona that is a place to visit in barcelona?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that appointed georges pompidou to a governmental position?
what years did the team owned by tom gores win the championship?
what country contains pitcairn islands and is home to midlothian?
what form of government is practiced in the country with the capital of suva?
what is the name of the school with mascot named mr. communodore?
what language is spoken in the country with national people's congress?
what are the basic beliefs of islam?
which politician who influenced walt whitman ended his/her government position the earliest?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem of the republic of china?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem scotland the brave?
what team with mascot named t.d. did reggie bush play for in 2012?
where is the university of south carolina?
what form of government is used in the country with mnögovi province?
what country bordering bolivia that has a time zone of utc05:00:00?
what religion in the united kingdom has a sacred site named safed?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem du gamla, du fria?
what is the earliest opened attraction in seattle, washington, tn?
what religion in australia that has the religious text of the book of nehemiah?
who was the 1994 nba finals championship won by the team coached by kevin mchale?
what currency is used in the country with tunisian dinar?
the country with the national anthem land of the free is located on what continent?
what country has arabic language and has a capital called ray?
what was the occupation of the person who lived in cholame?
what is the earliest opened attraction to do in sydney?
who is the current coach of the team whose fight song is  seven nation army ''?
where is the university of south carolina cocky located?
what country with the capital baghdad speaks arabic language?
when was the last time the los angeles raiders won a championship?
what country has german as its capital and has a capital named bonn?
what team with fight song skol, vikings did warren moon play for in 2010?
what currency is used in the country with santiago de cuba province?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem shche ne vmerla ukraine?
what state was the film  stand by me '' filmed?
when did the team that won the 2009 nba finals championship win their first championship?
where is the sports team whose fight song is  pittsburgh steelers polka '' from?
where does bob dylan live in the central time zone?
what religion in the united kingdom has harmandir sahib as a sacred site?
what country that contains cairo is home to giza necropolis?
what religions are in australia and have the bible as a text?
when did the champion of the 1987 nba finals win their first championship?
where is the giza necropolis located that appointed mohamed morsi to a governmental position?
who is the current leader of the country that contains balochistan, pakistan?
what sports team owned by paul g. allen family foundation did warren moon play for in 2010?
what is the mascot of the university that has ryan rote as a grad student?
what continent is the country with the capital of belmopan located?
what was the last time the new york yankees won the world series?
where did the author of  the diary of a young girl '' die?
what country has a government official named george ii of great britain and speaks welsh?
what is the mascot of the university that has yale bulldogs men's basketball?
what currency is used in the country with kiev?
who owns chrysler group llc corporation 2011?
what team with fight song the victors did tom brady play for?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that has a capital called paris?
what is the mascot of the yale center for british art?
what movie starring rihanna that has a character named  rihanna ''?
what religion in the united kingdom has a chapel as a place of worship?
what country with the capital of edinburg did james cook come from?
what is the earliest opened attraction to do in sydney?
what country has arabic language and saudi arabia riyal as the currency?
what state has a capital named denver and is home to littleton?
where is the home of joey king and the tv show the stand?
where is the home of joey king and the tv show the stand?
who was the architect that designed red house and also influenced antonio antonio gaud?
what is the mascot of the organization whose leadership includes someone named rick levin?
what are the basic beliefs of the people who worship in the islam0?
who is the leader of the country that uses pakian rupee?
what character did the actor who went to makoura college play in despicable me?
what year did the champion of the 1994 nba finals win the championship?
what jobs did the person who once lived in the white house do?
the country that contains copenhagen is located in what continent?
what country that contains emirate of ajman speaks arabic language?
what currency is used in the country with oranjestad as its capital?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that uses the cfp franc as currency?
what country with the capital of conakry does the niger river flow into?
what is the state motto of the state where frankfort is the capital?
what country contains midlothian and montserrat?
what language is spoken in the country that has al sharqia governorate?
where is the illinois river located that has a governmental office holder named jim edgar?
what country that has a religious leader named pope francis does bolivia border?
what did the person who lived in cambrian park die of?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem humat al-hima?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem tin qun ca?
who are the famous athletes in the country that uses kenyan shilling?
what religion in the united kingdom has eve as a notable figure?
who started the organization that has a leadership role of william clay ford, jr.?
what language is spoken in the country that uses the guyanese dollar as currency?
who inspired the architect who designed bellesguard?
what form of government is used in the country that uses the fijian dollar as currency?
what did the famous person who went to jeremiah e burke high school die of?
what is the name of the main train station in the city that appointed dianne feinstein to a governmental position?
what airport is in the country with soufr?
what museum established earliest is a place to hang out in seattle, washington, washington?
what year did the famous person who went to emsley a. laney high school go to the nba?
what club with mascot named stamford the lion didier drogba play for in 2010?
what country with capital city of cairo is the giza necropolis located?
what country with the capital of beijing is a major trading partner of china?
what language is spoken in the country with national people's congress?
what currency is used in the country with trelawny parish?
who was the leader of france in 2012 that held his governmental position from after april 3, 2004?
what currency is used in the country with kwazulu-natal?
what is there to do in the pacific time zone in seattle?
what language is spoken in the country that uses the bahamian dollar as currency?
where is the sports team owned by rooney family?
what sports team owned by alisher usmanov did santi cazorla play for in 2010?
what language is spoken in the country with east berbice-corentyne?
what is the capital of the state where the amusement park that has the capital of tallahassee is located?
who are the athletes in the country that has kenya?
what team that won the super bowl xliv championship did reggie bush play for in 2012?
where is the country whose national anthem is imperial anthems of the ottoman empire located?
what currency is used in the country with kef governorate?
where is the country that uses ottoman lira as currency?
what is the mascot of the jonathan edwards college?
what form of government is used in the country with northern division, fiji?
what form of government is used in the country with central division, fiji?
what state was the film  stand by me '' filmed?
what religion in australia has ali as a figure?
what country bordering bolivia uses the argentina peso?
what state in the central time zone did the battle of shiloh take place?
what form of government is used in the country with tarapac region?
what is the nationality of the person who once lived in the white house?
where is the sports team whose fight song is  renegade '' from?
what sports team owned by roman abramovich didier drogba play for in 2010?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country contains frriesland?
what continent is the country that uses the belgium dollar as currency?
what was the last time the orioles won the world series?
what team that won the super bowl xliv championship did reggie bush play for in 2012?
where does bob dylan live in the eastern time zone?
what religion in the united kingdom has a religious belief in the virgin birth of jesus?
what is the capital city of the state that has the missouri house of representatives?
what currency is used in the country that contains the nato province?
who did the cleveland browns draft that started his career the earliest?
what did the famous person who went to los banos high school die of?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem noble patria, tu hermosa bandera?
who is the artist that went on the concert tour named jonas brothers world tour 2009?
what religion in canada has a religious belief named mahdi?
who did the sports team owned by none2 draft?
what other years did the champion of the 1989 nba finals win the championship?
what other years did the champion of the 1989 nba finals win the championship?
who played darth vader in the film with a character named  star wars episode ii : revenge of the sith ''?
the country that contains puntarenas province is located on what continent?
what country has arabic language and saudi arabia riyal as the currency?
what currency is used in the country that has an airport that serves nijmegen?
what is the occupation of the famous person who went to neolani elementary school?
what country that contains emirate of ajman speaks arabic language?
where did the illustrator of the book de mmoire d'homme : poème live?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion whose notable figure is muhammad in islam?
what is the capital city of the country with national anthem cherifian anthem?
what type of guitar does the famous person who went to henry d. perry middle school play?
what is the zoo that opened after 1899 in seattle, tn?
what art movement was the person who went to willem ii college a part of?
where is the giza necropolis located that appointed mohamed morsi to a governmental position?
what country has arabic language and uses the lebanese pound as currency?
what is the sacred site of the religion that uses the taoism2 as a sacred site?
what year did arsenal win the league?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live in the central european time zone?
who is the current coach of the team whose fight song is  the baltimore ravens ''?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has a governmental office holder named rosen pleneliev?
what industry does tony nicely own?
what currency is used in the country with capital named san juan?
what team with the fight song  when the saints go marching in '' did reggie bush play for?
the country with the national anthem noble patria, tu hermosa bandera is located in what continent?
what form of government is used in the country with capital santiago?
what year did the team owned by leslie alexander win the championship?
who started the organization that has john g. parker as a leader?
what movie starring lucy hale that has a character named scream 4?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem of south africa?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion that has ali as a figure?
what team owned by serena williams did reggie bush play for in 2012?
what form of government does the country that appointed vladimir putin to a governmental position have?
what country with national anthem bilady bilady bilady, bilady, bilady exports to?
what religion in canada has mecca as a sacred site?
what countries border the country with the capital of bolivia0?
what religion in the united kingdom has a place of worship called the church?
what country has german as the official language and has a governmental office holder named milo zeman?
what country with the capital of edinburgh is midlothian?
what currency is used in the country with krasnodar krai?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has sofia as its capital?
who is the governor of the state whose capital is nashville?
what currency is used in the country with thabo mbeki?
what was the last time george steinbrenner's sports team won the world series?
what other years did the champion of the 1989 nba finals win the championship?
what country bordering bolivia that has buenos aires as its capital?
the country that contains haifa district is located in what continent?
who played leia organaa, and also has the medical condition bipolar disorder?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem bilady bilady, bilady, bilady?
what team with mascot named pat patriot did tom brady play for?
what country in north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) that has an airport that serves kleve ( district )?
what sports team owned by jimmy buffett did reggie bush play for in 2012?
what league is the team with the mascot named indianapolis colts blue?
what religion in australia that has a religious belief in the virgin birth of jesus?
what is the mascot of the university that has ryan rote as a grad student?
what religion in australia has a sacred site named kishhinagar?
what sports team owned by farhad moshiri did santi cazorla play for in 2010?
what country with capital city of cairo is the giza necropolis located?
the country that contains the northern district is located in what continent?
what language is spoken in the country that uses renminbi as currency?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what character did the actor who went to breakwater school play in the lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring?
what form of government is used in the country with khartii province?
the country that contains stann creek district is located on what continent?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that uses the euro as currency?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem lofsngur?
what country speaks arabic language and is in the eastern time zone?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
what player who started his career the latest did the cleveland browns draft?
what country bordering bolivia has brazilia as its capital?
who does the voice for chucky in child's play?
where does héctor camacho live in the eastern time zone?
what was the last super bowl won by the team that won the 1981-01-75 championship?
what language do they speak in pakistan?
what is the mascot of the university with thomas r. gold as a grad student?
who played darth vader in the film with a character named  star wars episode ii : revenge of the sith ''?
what famous person with endometriosis did john f. kennedy date?
what character did the actor who went to napanee district secondary school play in over the hedge?
when did the team owned by peter angelos last win the world series?
where is the home of usher?
what is the main train station in the city that hosted the 1960 olympics?
who is the current leader of the country that uses the renminbi as currency?
what is the name of the school with mascot named mr. communodore?
what children's literature books did the person who once lived in conneticut write?
what are the major religions practiced by the people who believe in the end time?
what currency is used in the country with moscow?
what is the ethnicity of the famous person who went to danny jones middle school?
what movies did the artist who went on the last concert tour star in?
who did the famous person who went to edward devotion school have a romantic relationship with?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem flower of scotland?
what movie starring lucy hale that sidney prescott was in?
who did none2's sports team draft that started his career after none2?
what is there to do in salt lake city, nc, where the 2002 olympics were held?
what country has an airport that serves nijmegen and has german as the official language?
what country has the national people's congress and has a governmental body called national people's congress?
what is the name of the main train station in the city that appointed gavin newsom to a governmental position?
what sports team owned by robert kraft did tom brady play for?
what country did james cook come from that appointed george i of great britain to a governmental position?
what is the capital of the country that has a governmental office holder named driss jettou?
what are the three official languages of the country whose national anthem is brabanonne?
what year did arsenal win the league?
what country has a capital of dolwyddelan and speaks welsh?
what movies did the actor who went to none4 star in?
what countries border the country with national anthem of bolivia?
what team that won the super bowl vii championship did reggie bush play for in 2012?
what religion in australia has richard hooker as a notable figure?
what is there to do in madrid in the central european time zone?
what year did the famous person who went to emsley a. laney high school go to the nba?
what countries border the country that uses bolivian boliviano as currency?
when did the team with the mascot named the oriole bird last win the pennant?
what team with the fight song  i'm shipping up to boston '' did tom brady play for?
what language is spoken in the country with antonis samaras?
what form of government is practiced in the country that appointed anwar sadat to a governmental position?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) member country that is in eastern european time zone?
who is the current leader of the country that has national people's congress?
what country that has a religious organization called society of jesus '' -g?
what airport is in the country with the capital of castries?
who played darth vader in the film with a character named scott?
who did the team whose fight song is  none0 '' draft?
who is the leader of the country whose capital is islamabad?
what country is the tv show zola levitt presents shot in?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem aruba dushi tera?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem march on, bahamaland?
what airport is in the country with vieux fort quarter?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has an airport that serves nijmegen?
what is the location where the tv show the night strangler was filmed?
what country has german as the official language and contains aarhus county?
what currency is used in the country with cherkasy oblast?
who are the athletes in the country that has kenya2?
what religion in the united kingdom has a religious belief of sasra?
who are the famous athletes in the country with national anthem none4?
what team that won the super bowl ii championship did warren moon play for?
what is the name of the religion with notable figure named zhang jie?
what is the holy book of the religion that believes in wu wei?
what is there to do in barcelona that was built after 1882?
what country with gansu is a major trading partner of china?
what school with mascot named griffin did helen keller attend?
what currency is used in the country with saint ann parish?
what country does niger river flow through?
what language is spoken in the country where the tv show the bride with white hair was filmed?
who inspired the architect who designed casa vicens?
who was the first president of france in 2013?
who was the person who influenced walt whitman and had the medical condition strabismus?
what team that won the super bowl vii championship did reggie bush play for in 2012?
what years did the team with the mascot named hooper win the championship?
what country that contains the city of giza necropolis is the administrative division of the city of cairo?
where did the architect who designed poplar forest die?
who was the person who influenced walt whitman and also had the medical condition smallpox?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem jamaica, land we love?
what country has german as the official language and uses the danish krone as currency?
what religion in australia has a sacred site named lumibini?
what country that has a religious organization called eastern catholic churches does bolivia border?
what religion in canada has a religious belief in the virgin birth of jesus?
what country is the tv show the bride with white hair shot in?
what team with mascot named t.d. did reggie bush play for in 2012?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem of chile?
where does kaka live in the utc03:00 time zone?
who is the current governor of the state that appointed jeb bush to a governmental position?
what state with capital named nashville did the battle of shiloh take place?
who was the leader of france in 2012 that held his governmental position from after april 3, 2004?
where is the country whose capital is bursa located?
who is the current president of the organization that has a president of the president of the european parliament?
what language is spoken in the region that produces retsina wine?
who was the first person the maryland senator held a governmental position?
what are the basic beliefs of islam?
what sports team owned by jimmy buffett did reggie bush play for in 2012?
what country speaks arabic language and is in the eastern time zone?
what language is spoken in the country that exports and exports fruit and tree nut tree?
what religions have a religious text called the book of nehemiah and are recognized in canada?
what currency is used in the country where the nama language is spoken?
what country bordering bolivia that has a governmental body called the senate of chile?
what sports team founded after 1908 did ronaldinho play for in 2010?
on what continent is the country where belican brewing co. belikin beer is produced?
what currency is used in the country where jamaican english is spoken?
what is the amusement park in sydney that has the big dipper ride?
what is the name of the car that the subject of the movie  a star named ayrton senna '' is a star named ayrton senna '' is
what language is spoken in the country where harbin beer is made?
who was marriage to none4?
who was marriage to none4?
what movie starring lucy hale that has a prequel called  another cinderella story ''?
what was the actor that played in the film limp bizkit : rock in the park 2001?
who influenced william shakespeare and passed away in Constanța?
who was the afl founder who died the earliest?
what is the earliest released movie in the harry potter series?
what is the earliest released movie in the harry potter series?
who was influenced by giovanni pico della mirandola and influenced william shakespeare to write poetry?
what state has a symbol that was adapted after the year 1939 and is home to the university of south carolina?
who was vice president under the secretary of defense for personnel and readiness?
what countries have arabic language as their national language and have a country calling code greater than 967?
what is there to do in staten island?
what country does the government of egypt export to?
what is the latest structure to open in salt lake city?
what language is spoken in the country that has a parliament of finland?
who was vice president under the author of  the audacity of hope ''?
what is the name of the jonas brothers'award nominated artist?
what movie directed by tom vaughan did miley cyrus star in?
what movie, starring emma frost, was based on a jane jones movie?
where does the actor who played the character, bob moore0, live?
what sports team founded after october 30, 1912 didier drogba play for?
what language is spoken in the country where desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer is produced?
who is the actress that played the character, robert downey jr.?
what type of guitar does the composer of  sands theme '' play?
what year did abraham lincoln inauguration take place?
what language is spoken in the country with a governmental office holder named wu xiaoling?
who was influenced by adam mickiewicz and influenced walt whitman?
what county is the sacramento news & review circulated in?
what movie starring alyson stoner that has a sequel named garfield : a tail of two kitties?
what is the earliest released movie that lucy hale starred in?
what was the earliest inauguration of abraham lincoln?
what organization founded after june 31, 2003 did rupert murdoch own?
what time zone is the state with the governmental position entitled missouri attorney general?
who was the president of france in 2012 that ended his/her government position the latest?
what state has a secretary of state of colorado and is home to littleton?
what is there to do in seattle, washington, washington?
who is the member of the jonas brothers?
what did the actress that played the character, rachel marron, die of?
where did the actor who played in the film  elvis presley : live from tupelo '' grow up?
what language is spoken in the country with the position prime minister of hungary?
who is the current leader of the country where santa fe beer factory luna llena beer is produced?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper akher saa?
what language is spoken in the people's republic of china?
what is the role of the actress who played sara goldfarb?
what language is spoken on sesame street in chile?
what is the earliest opened attraction to be opened in sydney?
what sports team founded first didier drogba play for in 2010?
what currency is used in the country where the swedish riksdaler is used?
where did the actor who played in the movie  holsworthy '' live?
what currency is used in the location where the movie  the last leprechaun '' takes place?
who was the person that said  o brave new world, that has such people in t! '' and also influenced arthur miller?
what team does the actor who played in the movie  golden shoes '' play for?
what type of art did the school of athens create?
what movie starring lucy hale that has a character named mae whitman?
what is the capital of the country where brasseries de morocco casablanca beer is produced?
what country ruled by hamad bin khalifa al thani speaks arabic language?
what language is spoken in the tortall universe and is also spoken in mania?
what religion in canada was founded by huldrych zwingli?
what movie starring liam hemsworth that had a film casting director named scott?
what county is the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named jerry t. belton?
what religion is practiced by the islamic people who follow the qran?
what city is the birthplace of bob dylan and the birthplace of nathan o. kaplan?
what is there to do in the state that held the 2010 united states senate election in florida?
what language do the navajo indians speak that is also the language of the tortall universe?
what county is the chowchilla city council member?
who influenced arthur miller?
what shows with fewer than 2 seasons did joey lawrence star in?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and was a member of the republican party?
what country has the norn language as a spoken language and is where welsh is spoken?
what is the location of the movie  catching trouble ''?
what did the author of the reluctant mr. darwin and his great discovery do?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper reference news?
what currency is used in the circulation area of the newspaper daily nation?
what is there to do in the place where the government and politics of seattle are located?
what university with the largest number of postgraduates did theodor schwann attend?
what time zone is the state that appointed david m. louie to a governmental position?
who influenced walt whitman and ended their governmental position the earliest?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country produces the beer?
which member of the walter whitman party started his/her career earliest?
what school founded after 1869 did helen keller attend?
who was the person who influenced roy lichtenstein and passed away the earliest?
what currency is used in the country that has a governmental office holder named zine el abidine ben ali?
what is the capital of the country where the movie  kundun '' takes place?
what is the title of the chief justice of the court that samuel chase serves?
what movie starring lucy hale that had costumes designed by scott f. kennedy?
who is the current leader of the country where the gull dong breed originated?
what country ruled by george ii of the united kingdom speaks welsh?
what sports team founded first did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
what county is the mayor of minneapolis?
what currency is used in the country where the government of puerto rico is located?
what state has the official symbol of spotted salamander and is where the university of south carolina is located?
what continent is denmark on?
who is the current leader of china?
who played kirk?
who does liv tyler play in lord of the rings?
what is there to do in bennelong point, sydney?
what movie starring liam hemsworth that was released to buenos aires?
who was the actor that played jason morgan in general hospital?
who is the current governor of the state where the government of tennessee is located?
what is the ethnicity of the actor who played in the movie  arwin! ?
what movie, with music by brian tyler, did liam hemsworth play in?
what language is spoken in the country where macedonian thrace brewery vergina premium lager beer is produced?
what country in north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) was the topic of a speech about?
what language is spoken in the country that makes guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhu jiang beer?
what state was the film  stand by me '' filmed?
where did laura ingalls wilder live that is the administrative division in the united states of america?
who influenced william shakespeare and was buried in westminster abbey?
what language is spoken in the country with zeng peiyan?
what country with top level domain of py does bolivia border?
what type of music does the subject of the film  this is it '' perform?
what currency is used in the country where tusker premium lager beer is produced?
what currency is used in the country with coat of arms of south africa?
what currency is used in the country with coat of arms of south africa?
who was influenced by lucian and influenced arthur miller?
what are the judges of the court where the chief justice of the court is a chief justice of the court?
what character does the artist nominated for an award for  over the hedge '' play in over the hedge?
what time zone is the area where the newspaper gambit circulates?
what countries have arabic language as a language and were involved in the military conflict of the iraq6?
where did the person who the movie  i'm not there '' is about live?
what country has the animal emblem and is home to midlothian?
who did the president who said  forgive your enemies, but never forget their names '' have a romantic relationship with?
what team with a roster of less than 132 did reggie bush play for?
what currency is used in the country where jmtlands bryggeri hell beer is produced?
who was the subject of the image  star wars episode ii : revenge of the sith ''?
what country has the official symbol of a unicorn and is home to midlothian?
what movie starring lucy hale that has costumes designed by debra mcguire?
who is the actress that played in the movie yucatan's, and who is her wife?
what country speaks arabic language and is the birthplace of fictional character pwt?
what country has the floral emblem and is home to midlothian?
who was the inspiration for andy warhol and died after october 25, 1969?
who are the famous athletes in the country where none2 beer is produced?
what movie did julie andrews play in?
where did the actor who played in the movie  high school phenoms '' grow up?
who was walt whitman influenced by?
where did the author of  the prince '' live?
what state that has the illinois river as a symbol that was adapted earliest?
where does sam shepard live, and is the location of the movie, fargo?
who is the leader of the country where the seraiki language is spoken?
where is the giza necropolis located, where the siwi language is spoken?
who are the famous athletes in the circulation area of the newspaper daily nation?
what country has german as a spoken language and has rusyn as a spoken language?
what language is spoken in indonesia and is also the language of the fictional universe buffyverse?
what sports team founded after c.f.0 does cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
what style of art did the person who said  a good picture is equivalent to a good deed '' produce?
what countries border the country where the bolivian peso is the currency?
what did the subject of the movie  you don't know jack '' do?
what is jonathan swift famous for?
what movie starring miley cyrus that had denise chamian as the film's casting director?
what language is spoken in the bahamas and is the main language spoken in great britain?
what currency is used in the country with coat of arms of mexico?
what jobs did the subject of the movie  albert einstein2 '' have?
who is the current leader of the country with the secretary of state for human rights of france?
who influenced antoni gaud and died after october 17, 1879?
where did the person who said  he that rejoices in his portion '' go to school?
what is the political system where el gouna beverage co. sakara gold beer is produced?
what form of government is used in the country where the dogo argentino breed originated?
what country did james cook come from that was ruled by george ii of the united kingdom?
where is the illinois river located, and also the administrative division in the united states of america?
what movies has the actor that played the character, liam hemsworth0?
what state was the subject of the movie  ronald reagan '' located in?
who influenced arthur miller and was buried in vr frelsers gravlund?
what sports team with headquarters in london did santi cazorla play for in 2010?
what is the capital of the country where the movie  mary mother of christ '' takes place?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper kaieteur news?
what schools were attended by the subject of the film  helen keller ''?
what style of music does the subject of the film gone too soon perform?
what movie produced by brad leeds did alyson stoner star in?
who was vice president under the author of  dreams from my father ''?
what school founded after october 8, 1836 did caroline kennedy attend?
what team that plays in the stadium estdio do maracan did ronaldinho play for in 2010?
which of the writers who influenced andy warhol died earliest?
what movie was rihanna in that was nominated for an award with the description  boardgame by hasbro ''?
what is james dean famous for?
who was marriage to none4?
what german speaking country has a country calling code greater than 357?
what language is spoken in the state administration of foreign exchange?
what books written by suzanne collins are in the children's literature genre?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper fordulat?
what movies did the actor that played the character, alyson stoner6, play in?
what language is spoken in the country where the scottish fold breed originated?
what is the state with the official state animal as its state symbol?
who are the famous athletes in the country that has a governmental office holder named none4?
what currency is used in the country where cerveceria bucanero mayabe beer is produced?
who influenced the author of  leaves of grass ''?
what type of government is practiced in japan and the birthplace of baldur von schirach?
what did the actor that played in the film  donna summer : live and more encore '' die of?
what is the earliest opened attraction in seattle, washington, tn?
what is there to do in seattle, washington, n with street address 325 fifth avenue?
what character did the author of  the last of the really great whangdoodles '' play in shrek?
which of the harry potter movies has mary selway as the film's casting director?
who was the author of the zhuangzi book that influenced by zhuangzi?
what type of government did sparta, the subject of the work i, the sun, have?
what county is the area where the newspaper the sacramento union is circulated?
what continent is the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental body called the danish ministry of foreign affairs?
what country is the main trading partner of germany?
what currency is used in the country where menkieli is spoken?
what are the two states of the us state whose government includes the missouri house of representatives?
what is the religion of the taoism people whose text is  philosophy ''?
what country does the breed chausie originate from?
what movie starring lucy hale that had peter deming as the cinematographer?
what state with a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted earliest did the battle of shiloh take place?
what is the latest released movie that rihanna has been in?
what was the name of adolf hitler's parent who died from breast cancer?
what language is spoken in the country with government office holder named chiang kai-shek?
where did the author of  the definitive bob dylan songbook ( bob dylan ) ( bob dylan ) '' live?
who is the wife of the artist nominated for an award for  a love song for bobby long ''?
what language is spoken in japan and is also the language in the fictional universe buffyverse?
what continent is the area where the newspaper berlingske is circulated?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that have a sequel called harry potter and the deathly hallows - part i?
what countries does gebel elba export to?
who influenced the actor that played in the film tarzan and jane?
what years did the team that plays in the palace of auburn hills win the championship?
what is the main train station in the location where the movie  tales of the city '' takes place?
what celebrity buried in westwood village memorial park cemetery was john f. kennedy's celebrity?
what was the inauguration of the subject of the film  young abraham lincoln ''?
what movie starring liam hemsworth that was released to the blu-ray disc?
who influenced roosevelt and influenced frank stella?
what state has the official symbol of stegosaurus and is home to littleton?
what is the name of the secretary of state for the artist nominated for an award for  it takes a village ''?
what is jack london famous for?
what movie starring miley cyrus that has costumes designed by patrickia field?
where does the artist nominated for awards for  sam shepard2 '' live?
what were the names of the parents of the commander in chief of home forces commander?
what movie written by michael amdt did liam hemsworth play in?
who is the actor that played in the film  angelina jolie & viril '''s '''s brother?
where is the newspaper nyhedsavisen circulated?
what character does avril lavigne play in over the hedge?
what was the first movie released by miley cyrus?
what is the most recent movie released by alyson stoner?
what language is spoken in the country with the position prime minister of finland?
what is the main train station in the location where the movie  the Emperor's new clothes '' takes place?
what country speaks german and produces pilsner urquell beer?
what movies did liv tyler play in?
what is barack obama known for?
what state is the area where the newspaper now is circulated?
what language is spoken in the tortall universe and is also spoken in japan?
who is the current leader of the supreme court of pakistan?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that are in the family adventures series?
what team that plays in santiago bernabu stadium did ronaldo play for in 2010?
what celebrity who was a member of pentectalism did john f. kennedy have a romantic relationship with?
what country with the largest country calling code speaks german?
what is the latest released movie that rihanna starred in?
what city with a neighborhood named bryant does bob dylan live in?
what currency is used in the country where bgi lager beer is produced?
who played leia organa?
who was the united states ambassador to lesotho?
what currency is used in the country where desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer is produced?
on what continent is the country where faxe premium beer is produced?
what jobs did the subject of the film  young albert einstein '' have?
what movie, starring emma frost, was based on a jane jones movie?
what series of movies, edited by richard francis-bruce, did the harry potter series of movies take place?
who was andy warhol inspired by?
what is the latest building opened in dubai?
what movie starring alyson stoner that was edited by christopher greenbury?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and died the earliest?
what type of art did salvador dal create?
what state has clarence morley as a government official and is also where littleton is?
what university with the largest number of postgraduates did theodor schwann attend?
what is there to do in florida?
what language is spoken in both great britain and inguyana?
what is the most recently opened attraction in staten island?
what movie did miley cyrus star in that was released first?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in japan?
where did the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend '' live?
what form of government is practiced in the country where the rapa nui language is spoken?
what sports team founded first did santi cazorla play for in 2010?
what form of government is used in the country with coat of arms of russia?
what language do they speak in afghanistan?
what is the nationality of the author of  dreams from my father ''?
who was the person that influenced walt whitman and also held the position of united states house of representatives?
where does héctor camacho live that has a neighborhood called hell's kitchen?
what continent is the country that has the governmental body israeli ministry of defense?
what characters does none0 play in the tv program with the family guy theme song?
what is the nationality of the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness?
who was the voice of chucky in the bafta award for best actor in a supporting role?
what is there to do in salt lake city, nc that opened after 1893-04-06?
what was the subject of the film king : a filmed record... montgomery to memphis?
what is the best place to go in the state that held the 2010 gubernatorial election?
what to do in seattle, washington, washington?
what movie released to blu-ray disc did rihanna star in?
what currency is used in the country where obolon zhigul beer is produced?
what books written by suzanne collins are in the genre of children's literature?
what language do they speak in chile?
who played leia organaa?
where did the actor who played rusty whites grow up?
what currency is used in the country where the boerboel breed originated?
what is the name of the taoism author who wrote  taoism0 ''?
what movie starring lucy hale that had cinematography done by scott mcghee?
what was the person who said  nothing pains some people more than having to think '' famous for?
where did laura ingalls wilder live that has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted earliest?
where does the person in the image joey king's house live?
what college did the person who said  nothing pains some people more than having to think '' attend?
what is nicholas cage's son's name?
what type of cancer did the artist nominated for an award for gardens of the world with audrey hepburn die of?
what state with a symbol of illinois river is located on a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted latest?
what continent is the country that contains the second level division cartago located on?
what movie, written by ann brashares, did lucy hale play in?
what country speaks german and was the topic that the speaker alexander mintz spoke about?
what team with a roster of less than 82 did warren moon play for?
who does jemaine clement play in despicable me?
where is giza necropolis located and exports to sudan?
what is the most recently opened attraction in manchester england?
what language is spoken in the tortall universe and is also spoken in the bahamas?
what language is spoken in the government of hungary?
what is the state that held the missouri house of representatives in 2002?
who is the current governor of the state where the movie  catching trouble '' takes place?
where did the author of tarantula live?
who is the voice of stewie griffin on the tv program with the family guy theme song?
what time zone is the state with the official symbol of three-toed box turtle?
who is the current leader of the country that has rally for the republic?
what continent is the country that makes maccabee beer located on?
where does the person in the image joey king's joey king's home?
what movie starring miley cyrus that had a film casting director named scott?
what sports team that plays in the stamford bridge does didier drogba play for?
who was the person who influenced william shakespeare and died from exsanguination?
what state with the united states dollar as currency did the battle of shiloh take place?
who was richard burton marriage to?
where is giza necropolis located and has the smallest army?
what sports team in canada was founded first?
what type of cancer did the artist nominated for hot stuff die of?
what language is spoken in the tortall universe and is also spoken in australia?
what movie directed by scott f. kennedy did lucy hale play in?
who influenced walt whitman and ended his/her government position after october 7, 1861?
what movie, written by frank bunker gilbreth, jr., did alyson stoner play in?
what language do they speak in finland?
what time zone is in texas?
what shows with fewer than 138 episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what movies released after liam hemsworth0 did liam hemsworth play in?
where was napoleon bonaparte buried?
what form of government is practiced in the country that has a governmental office holder named chile0?
what attraction in manchester, england is located in exchange square?
what school did the actor who played in the film  hang loose '' attend?
what team that plays in santiago bernabu stadium did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
what form of government is practiced in the place where the chausie breed originated?
what currency is used in the country where the east african shilling is used?
what language is spoken in the tortall universe and is spoken in the united kingdom?
where did the subject of the image  liz mcclarnon '' live?
what currency is used in the area with the second level division la uni3n?
what form of government is practiced in the circulation area of the newspaper zhivoye dyelo?
what is jonathan swift famous for?
what country is johannesburg in?
what radio station does rupert murdoch own?
who is the current leader of the government of pakistan?
what organization founded after 1979 did rupert murdoch own?
what state is the location where the movie  saw v '' takes place?
what movie with cinematography by philip rousselot did miley cyrus star in?
what are the sights to see in the district represented by the gobierno de la comunidad de madrid?
which maryland senator ended their government position the earliest?
what countries border the country where the government of bolivia is located?
what is the nationality of the person who said  a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool ''?
what fantasy movie did lucy hale play in?
what movie starring lucy hale that was directed by scott f. kennedy?
what state is the overlook hotel and is where littleton is?
what country did the person who said  he speaks to me as if i was a public meeting '' rule?
what time zone is the state that held the 1994 missouri state senate election?
where is the home of the artist nominated for an award for usher0?
what continent is the location where the movie  the carbon collective '' takes place?
what language is spoken in the setting of the movie  noi the albino? ?
what type of cancer did the actor that played in the film  donna summer : live and more encore '' die of?
what language is spoken in the country where the hungarian sign language is spoken?
what is there to do in the location where the movie  swilight '' takes place?
where did the author of  the thomas hobbes book '' live?
what is the mascot of the university that has a grad student named mr. wong?
what country did the subject of the film  sixty glorious years '' rule?
what movie starring alyson stoner that was edited by george folsey, jr.?
who is the member of the band that was nominated for an award for  nigel pulsford ''?
what movie directed by james hayman did lucy hale play in?
what is the state motto of the state that held the united states senate election in 2008?
what are the names of the harry potter movies produced by lorne orleans?
who was a peer of fredrich hölderlin and influenced walt whitman?
where did the author of two new sciences go to school?
what movie decorated by nancy haigh did miley cyrus star in?
where is the giza necropolis and the fictional character tutankhamun?
what movie directed by simon lamont is part of the harry potter series?
what character did the artist nominated for an award for gentlemen broncos play in despicable me?
what form of government is practiced in the location where the movie  la hora de la siesta '' takes place?
what type of art did the school of athens create?
what polynesian languages is spoken in chile?
what style of art did the person who said  the best way to know god is to love many things '' produce?
what country in midlothian, england exports to germany?
who was the father of the subject of the film  the private lives of elizabeth and essex ''?
what country with the largest country calling code speaks arabic language?
what team did the subject of the film  cristiano ronaldo0 '' play for in 2010?
what was the author of  galileo galilei2 '' famous for?
what movie did miley cyrus play in that had costumes designed by colleen atwood?
who is the actress that played the character, robert downey jr.?
what is the latest building opened in dubai?
where did the actor who played the character holsworthy live?
what continent is the country that uses old israeli shekel?
what team that didier drogba played for in 2010 that plays in the türk Telekom arena?
who started the afl?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country produces the beer grolsch blonde?
what country is the location of the film  the bang club ''?
what movie starring alyson stoner that has music by john debney?
what is the official language of the country where red stripe beer is made?
what state is the administrative division in the united states of america and is the location of littleton?
who influenced arthur miller and wrote oedipus at colonus?
who was walt whitman influenced by that died after october 27, 1832?
what country exports to angola and speaks german?
what religion in canada was founded by john calvin?
what currency is used in the country where the mexican hairless dog originated?
who is the governor of the state that publishes the newspaper brownlow's whig?
what type of government is shared by canada and the birthplace of baldur von schirach?
where is the giza necropolis located, and the place that has a governmental body called the house of representatives?
who was influenced by william godwin and influenced walt whitman?
what language is spoken in finland?
what is the capital of the country where the sloughi breed originated?
what art movement was van vincent van gogh?
what is ellen dow famous for?
what is the name of the actor that played in the movie  lord of war ''?
what country bordering bolivia has fewer than 754000 people in its army?
what is the actor that played the character scragg 'n'bones?
what university with the largest number of undergraduates did theodor schwann attend?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that were produced by j. k. rowling?
what team did the actor that played in the movie nfl : super bowl xxii play for?
what time zone is the state with a governmental body called missouri house of representatives?
what movie directed by tim johnson did rihanna star in?
what year did the detroit pistons win the championship with a score of 4 -0?
what countries border the country where the bolivia0 is spoken?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper aurora de chile?
who influenced walt whitman?
what continent is the country where farose is spoken?
what currency is used in the country that has a governmental body named puerto rico cabinet?
what movie, starring rihanna, is in the genre cartoon pornography?
what language is spoken in the setting of the movie  speed 2 : cruise control? ?
who was the member of the social democratic federation and also influenced antonio gaud?
what country bordering bolivia has the largest number of people in the army?
what was the earliest released movie that liam hemsworth starred in?
where did the actor who played the character holsworthy live?
what language is spoken in china?
which university attended by caroline kennedy has the largest number of postgraduates?
what sports team founded first did ronaldo play for in 2010?
who influenced arthur miller and was the subject of the movie  william shakespeare in love ''?
what language is spoken in the country where the egyptian mau breed originated?
where is the home of the artist nominated for an award for  usher0 ''?
what continent is the location where the movie  defamation '' takes place?
what university with the largest number of postgraduates did theodor schwann attend?
what movie starring lucy hale that was edited by scott f. kennedy?
what currency is used in the setting of the movie  princess protection program? ?
what is nicolas cage son?
what shows did the actor that played the character joey lawrence0 star in?
what countries border the country where cerveza nacional paca beer is produced?
what state was the actor who played the character, ronald reagan?
what team does the subject of the image  chris paul '' play for?
which country with a country calling code of less than 227 does the niger river flow into?
what movies produced by walt disney pictures has miley cyrus been in?
what movie starred lucy hale and scott scott?
what language is spoken in the setting of the movie  starting over ''?
who is the current leader of the country where harbin beer is made?
who was the person who said  action is eloquence, but never forget the details '' and influenced by?
where did the person who said  college isn't the place to go for ideas '' go to school?
what is the name of the actor who played cal trask?
what state has a symbol that was adapted after 1861 and is home to littleton?
what books written by suzanne collins are children's literature?
what sports team founded after 1967 did reggie bush play for?
what was f. scott fitzgerald known for?
what language is spoken by the native american american indians and is also the language of the fictional universe buffyverse?
what movie written by evan goldberg did rihanna star in?
who influenced roy lichtenstein and influenced john ashbery?
what movie directed by alex proyas did liam hemsworth play in?
who are the famous athletes in the country where kenya2 beer is produced?
what movie produced by chip rosenberg did alyson stoner star in?
what currency is used in the country with the prime minister of tunia?
who played leia organaa in star wars?
what movie produced by jay baruchel did rihanna star in?
what form of government is practiced in the country where the domari language is spoken?
what is the location of the film  district 9 ''?
what movies released after alyson stoner8 did alyson stoner star in?
what type of cancer did the actor that played the character, nicolas sims, die from?
what movies with music by john debney did miley cyrus play in?
what character does avril lavigne play in over the hedge?
who is the governor of the state that has a governmental body named tennessee department of agriculture?
what country bordering bolivia has the largest country calling code?
what is the subject of the movie  senna ''?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that were directed by mike newell?
what language is spoken in the country where dreher classic beer is produced?
what state was the actor who played in the movie  recognition of the japanese zero '' a part of?
what country has arabic language and azerbaijani as the language?
what form of government is used in both mongolia and bulgaria?
what city is home to joey king and is the birthplace of john sciarra?
what type of art did the actor that played in the film  as far as love can go '' create?
where is the birthplace of the artist nominated for laundry service?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the governmental body, senate of puerto rico?
which of the cleveland browns'football players was drafted first?
what is ellen dow famous for?
which country with the smallest army does the niger river flow into?
who is the actor that played the character, bob rossdale?
what country that speaks domari language exports to?
what currency is used in the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is produced?
what is the most recent movie released by lucy hale?
what is the name of the jonas brothers'first wife?
what disease does the author of  joan crawford : mysophobia '' have?
what language is spoken in the country where the molossus breed originated?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper  the stranger '' is circulated?
what is the nationality of the subject of the film  on the trail of bin liden ''?
what movie decorated by scott f. kennedy did rihanna star in?
what form of government is practiced in the country where the government of egypt is located?
what language is spoken in both great britain and japan?
what disease did the artist nominated for an award for  possessed '' have?
what school attended by theodor schwann was founded first?
what currency is used in the country where the movie  the quarry '' takes place?
what form of government is used in the place where the azawakh breed originated?
what county is the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named jim kopshever?
what time zone is tulsa international airport in?
who was the peer of the peer of horace who influenced william shakespeare to write poetry?
what was the occupation of the person who said  suspense is worse than disappointment ''?
what movie directed by scott f. kennedy did liam hemsworth play in?
what currency is used in the country with a governmental office holder named raila oinga?
what are the sights to see in the location where the movie  madrid6 '' takes place?
who played emma frost's parent?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that were written by michael goldenberg?
what is there to do in salt lake city?
what countries border the country where kallawaya is spoken?
what movie starring miley cyrus was released most recently?
where did the actor who played the character bob dylan0 live?
what country has german as the official language and has sotho as the official language?
where is the giza necropolis located?
who is the current leader of the circulation area of the newspaper reference news?
what language is spoken in the setting of the movie  holiday in the sun? ?
where did the author of  the diary of a young girl '' die?
who was the leader of the church of england and also influenced arthur miller?
what is the most recently opened building in manchester, england?
who was a peer of edward burne-jones and also inspired antoni gaud?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has the position title, acting prime minister?
who is marriage to the actor who played the character scarlett johansson0?
what country speaks arabic language and is the birthplace of fictional character sayid jarrah?
what currency is used in the country where south african english is spoken?
what tv show with the smallest number of seasons did joey lawrence star in?
what is the state motto of the state that held the 2010 senate election in kentucky?
what currency is used in the country where the sokoke breed originated?
what form of government is practiced in both brazil and russia?
what language do they speak in afghanistan?
what country speaks arabic language and is the setting of the fictional universe jojo's bizarre adventure?
what type of guitar does the legal entanglement of new york play?
who is the current president of the country whose coat of arms is the coat of arms of mexico?
what country with the largest country calling code speaks arabic language?
who is the current leader of the country where harbin beer is made?
who was vice president under the person who said  yes we can! ''?
what venue opened after october 26, 2008 is a good place to hang out?
what influenced liang qichao and is the text of zhuangzi?
what language is spoken in the country with the president of hungary?
what language is spoken in the country with a position called chairman of the communist party of china?
what country does the egyptian mau breed originate from?
what is the name of the president of the country where felipe calder3n beer is produced?
what language is spoken by the navajo indians and is the main language spoken in ireland?
what currency is used in the country that makes gilroy favourite beer?
what currency is used in the location where the movie  vietnam, long time coming '' takes place?
who did the public speaker who spoke about anti apartheid have a romantic relationship with?
which secretary of state influenced walt whitman?
what is there to do in the location where the film  boy culture '' takes place?
who are the famous athletes in the country that uses the east african shilling as currency?
what venue opened after october 25, 2008 is a place to hang out?
which of the cleveland browns'draft picks had more than a passing attempt?
what organization owned by news corporation did rupert murdoch own?
who influenced walt whitman and ended their governmental position the earliest?
what movie starring miley cyrus that was edited by chris vivzon?
what movie starring miley cyrus that was edited by chris vivzon?
what movies in the harry potter series were produced by warner bros. entertainment?
who is the brother of the artist nominated for an award for  james haven ''?
who is robert downey jr. wife?
what is the nationality of the author of  the audacity of hope ''?
what is the nationality of the author of  the audacity of hope ''?
what is the state motto of the state where united we stand, divided we fall?
what languages are spoken in the country where the schipperke breed originated?
what county is in the governmental jurisdiction where kevin johnson holds office?
what language is spoken in the country that makes guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhu jiang beer?
what language is spoken in the country with official symbol of thistle?
what judaism celebrity was john f. kennedy dating?
what movie, starring liam hemsworth, has music by aaron zigman?
what time zone is in texas?
who was vice president under the person who said  yes we can! ''?
what is the political system where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is produced?
where was napoleon bonaparte buried?
what tv show with the smallest number of episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what type of government does the kingdom of prussia have?
what is the best place to visit in the area affected by the 1848 hurricane?
what movie did rihanna star in that had emma watson as an actress?
what continent is the country that has a governmental body called knesset?
what club did santi cazorla play for that had thierry henry as a player?
what is the attraction that opened after sydney4?
what military organization did john paul jones serve in that was also the subject of the work continental navy?
what movie starring rihanna that was directed by scott mcghee?
what airport is closest to the city where the saint lucian creole french language is spoken?
what was the title of the roman emperor who was ruled by constantine xi palaiologos?
where does the actor who played in the movie  fort sheridan '' live?
what is the name of the secretary of state that published editions for historia viva?
what city was the birthplace of bob dylan and was the birthplace of larry fitzgerald?
what country has the second level division zonguldak province and speaks arabic language?
what did the artist nominated for hot stuff die of?
what sports team that plays in the emirates stadium did santi cazorla play for in 2010?
what state did laura ingalls wilder live in that had a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after oklahoma4?
what movies did the person who said  pink isn't just a color, it's an attitude! '' play in?
who influenced the author of  dirge for two veterans ''?
what is the earliest established attraction to do in salt lake city?
what religion did abrahamic religions follow?
which of the harry potter movies was released latest?
what currency is used in the circulation area of the newspaper zhivoye dyelo?
who is the voice of peter griffin on family guy?
what is the name of the harry potter series?
what type of government is practiced in sparta, where the capital is coimbra?
what structure that opened after staten island4 is a place to visit in staten island?
what exhibition venue in madrid opened earliest?
what type of art did the person who said  have no fear of perfection - you 'll never reach it '' create?
what cleveland browns draft pick that was also an atlete?
what time zone is the location where the movie  girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls! girls girls! girls! girls! girls! girls! girls! girls
what country with the largest country calling code speaks german?
what book written by charles darwin was written by michael behe?
which person who influenced walt whitman started his/her work after 1854?
what state has the earliest adapted symbol and is home to the university of south carolina?
who was the president of france in 2012 that ended his/her government position after april 23, 2009?
what is the chinese classics that is a taoism text?
what are the two states that have a governmental body called the missouri house of representatives?
who was the first president of france in 2012?
what sports team in canada was founded first?
who is the current leader of china?
who is the actor that played in the movie  james haven ''?
what was the name of adolf hitler's parents who died after october 21, 1903?
where did laura ingalls wilder live that uses the united states dollar?
who was a psychiatrist '' -g and influenced walt whitman?
what countries border the country where the double-nosed andean tiger hound breed originated?
who influenced william shakespeare and passed away from poisoning?
what form of government is used in the country with government office holder named yury chaika?
where does héctor camacho live that contains baxter building?
where is the university of south carolina located, that has richland county?
what was invented by adolphe sax and played by béla fleck?
what stop motion movie did rihanna star in?
where is giza necropolis located and has the smallest army?
what currency is used in the country where breed drever originated?
what sports team founded after none4 did warren moon play for?
who influenced walt whitman and was buried in cimeti re parisien de bagneux?
what movie, starring lucy hale, is in spanish?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position president of cuba?
what continent is the country where the greenlandic language is spoken?
what country has the north to the future as its official symbol?
what movie decorated by james edward ferrell jr. did liam hemsworth play in?
what religion in the united kingdom was founded by guru nanak dev?
where does héctor camacho live that has a neighborhood named inwood?
what killed the commander in chief of home forces?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
what type of art did salvador dal create?
what is the smallest building in seattle, tn?
what country has arabic language and berber as official languages?
what time zone is the area where the newspaper the times-picayune is circulated?
what is the main train station in the location where the government of san francisco is located?
which politician who influenced walt whitman ended his/her government position the earliest?
what style of art did the subject of the film  van gogh : painted with words '' produce?
what form of government is used in the place where the supreme court of chile is located?
who was the secretary of state in france in 2012?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and also wrote the film  around the world in 80 days ''?
what language is spoken in the place that has the supreme court of chile?
what form of government is practiced in the country where the fijian language is spoken?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper  xpress '' is circulated?
where was the subject of the movie  bonaparte and the revolution '' buried?
what movie directed by wes craven did lucy hale star in?
who is the governor of the state with the official symbol of prototographium marcellus?
what movie starring alyson stoner that is in spanish?
what is the latest released movie that rihanna has been in?
what is the name of the governmental jurisdiction where the governmental body san francisco board of supervisors is located?
who influenced walt whitman and ended his/her government position the earliest?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper emirates business 24/7 circulates?
what country has german as its main language and has a top level domain of ch?
what currency is used in the federal government of mexico?
where is the sports team that plays in the pitt stadium?
what language do people in the bahamas speak?
what language is spoken in the country where the saami language is spoken?
what is the venue with the largest capacity in sydney?
what language is spoken in the country that has the official symbol of unicorn?
where is the sports team that plays in the three rivers stadium?
what was laura ingalls wilder famous for?
what currency is used in the setting of the movie  into the arms of strangers : stories of the kindertransport ''?
what currency is used in the setting of the movie  iris? ?
what is there to do in florida?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper  phnom penh post '' is circulated?
what is the name of the secretary of state that the author of  living history '' was a part of?
what exhibition venue in sydney opened earliest?
what was the earliest released movie that lucy hale starred in?
what type of music does the actor that played in the film  wiz on down the road '' perform?
where did the author of  adam smith : the ephemera to me '' grow up?
what character did the artist nominated for an award for julie andres : the music of richard rodgers play in shrek?
what movie starring liam hemsworth was released latest?
where is giza necropolis located and the country that makes al a sakara king beer?
what country with the largest country calling code speaks arabic language?
what city is the university of south carolina located in that has a neighborhood named eau claire?
what country did joey king live in that has a nationality of germany?
what continent is the country where the kriol language is spoken?
what jobs did albert einstein have?
what sports team founded first did tom brady play for?
what country is the city of sporting located in?
which person who influenced walt whitman died earliest?
who is the current governor of the state with the official symbol of agriculture and commerce?
where did the author of  the diary of a young girl '' die?
who plays jason morgan on the tv show that has the theme song  general hospital theme song ''?
who played kirk in star trek movie?
what movie, produced by nelson coates, did miley cyrus star in?
what continent is the country that has dean barrow as a government official?
what currency is used in the country with politics of sweden?
what is the award nominated artist for let's move! known for?
what movie filmed in new york city did miley cyrus star in?
what are the two states that have the official symbol of three-toed box turtle?
who is the current leader of the circulation area of the newspaper legal daily?
what team did the actor that played in the movie  computer geek # 1 '' play for?
what movies did liv tyler play in?
who influenced antonio gaud and died the earliest?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and died in chichester?
what movie directed by scott meehan did miley cyrus star in?
what movie directed by scott meehan did miley cyrus star in?
what movie directed by andrew max cahn did lucy hale play in?
what state was the governor?
what is the name of the taoism text that influenced jorge luis borges?
what was the first movie released by alyson stoner?
what country that contains harlingen, frriesland is a part of north atlantic treaty organization ( nato )?
what to do in madrid?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
what is the most recently opened attraction in seattle, washington, washington, washington?
what movie was rihanna in that rick stratton was a crew member of?
what form of government is used in the country where the malian franc is used?
what state is the location where the film  shoot 'em up '' takes place?
what was the earliest inauguration of abraham lincoln?
what sports team founded earliest did tom brady play for?
what continent is the government of costa rica located in?
what type of government is practiced in sparta and was ruled by philip ii of spain?
what style of music does the music producer of sometimes late at night perform?
what is the capital of the country where the berber languages is spoken?
what is the earliest established attraction in salt lake city, tn?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and died in berkeley?
what series of harry potter movies were produced by david higman?
who was a peer of elizabeth siddal and also inspired antonio antonio gaud?
who influenced walt whitman and ended his/her government position after october 3rd, 1869?
what form of government is used in dominica and in mongolia?
what state with a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted earliest did the battle of shiloh take place?
who plays meg in the tv program with the family guy theme song?
where is the body of water that flows under the murray bridge located?
who was the person who influenced andy warhol and was buried in westwood village memorial park cemetery?
where is the beginning of the river that flows through songo mozambique?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and worked as a tailor '' -g?
what university did the speaker at march on washington for jobs and freedom attend?
what countries border the country that has bamako as a city?
what language is spoken in the country where the mudi breed originated?
who influenced the person who said  i am a deeply superficial person ''?
who is the voice of chris griffin's parent in family guy?
what team that didier drogba played for in turkey?
what is the zip code of the location where the movie  battle hymn '' takes place?
what language do they speak in egypt?
who played emilie de ravin on the tv show with the theme song  lost ''?
who is the comedian who played kirk?
what is the nationality of the artist who won the voice ( us ) - season 2?
what movie starring alyson stoner that was produced by alec hammond?
what type of cancer did audrey hepburn die from?
who was the person who influenced arthur miller and was born in colonus?
what is the job of the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness?
what is the name of the missouri house of representatives?
what language family does the language that is spoken in the indo-european languages family belong to?
what movies in the harry potter series are in french?
what state with an official state tree did the battle of shiloh take place?
what language is spoken in the country with government of egypt?
where is the giza necropolis located that was the subject of the french revolutionary wars?
what state is the home of fictional character fiona coyne?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that was also the location of the gulf war?
what movie starring rihanna that was edited by paul rusell?
what is the nationality of the speaker in the 2012 state of the union address?
on what continent is the newspaper haaretz circulated?
what year did arsenal win the league?
what movie written by seth roggen did rihanna star in?
what kind of guitar does the actor that played in the movie  deep sea 3d '' play?
what is the profession of the speaker who spoke about education reform?
what are the two states that have the american paddlefish as official symbol?
what time zone is the district represented by john d. waihee ii?
who was a psychoanalyst who influenced walt whitman?
what is the state motto of the state where the united we stand, divided we fall is a symbol?
what are the best places to visit in the place that has the dubai marina neighborhood?
what time zone is tulsa international airport in?
who was the 2010 governor of the state that held the 2010 gubernatorial election?
where did the author of  the ww2 '' live?
what movies starring miley cyrus that were filmed in los angeles?
what were the names of the parents of the reich governor?
what was the occupation of albert einstein, the subject of the prime of miss jean brodie?
what characters does none0 play in the tv program with the family guy theme song?
where did the author of  the diary of a young girl '' die?
who is the president of france?
what language is spoken in the country where harbin beer is made?
what language is spoken in kenosha and belongs to the west germanic languages family?
who is the president of the country where brahui language is spoken?
what language is spoken in the fictional universe buffyverse and is also spoken in australia?
what time zone is the state with the official state animal?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and wrote  edward fisher ''?
what exhibition venue in madrid opened earliest?
who wrote music for chameleons and also inspired andy warhol?
who is the current san francisco2 of the governmental jurisdiction that includes the san francisco4th and king street station?
what is the amusement park in madrid that has the batman : la fuga ride?
who is the actor that played the character brian in family guy?
what state is the fictional universe regenesis located in?
what form of government is practiced in the country where doric greek is spoken?
where did the author of  the diary of a young girl '' die?
what continent is the country that contains la uni3n located in?
who played riley finn in  buffy the vampire slayer ''?
what language is spoken in the country where cerveza colonos del llanquihue lager premium artesanal beer is produced?
who was the afl founder who died the earliest?
who did the author of antony and cleopatra marriage?
what is there to do in the fictional universe shameless?
what country has the official symbol of picea sitchensis?
what religion in canada has a deity named jesus christ?
what colors are used by the team that plays at university of phoenix stadium?
who was the united states secretary of the treasury and also influenced by walt whitman?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper legal daily?
who was influenced by walt whitman and jacques lacann?
what is the name of the manchester united f.c. sports team?
what jobs did the politician who was appointed by the continental congress do?
what style of music does the artist who produced silk electric perform?
what currency is used in the country where the chihuahua breed originated?
who is the actor that played the character brian in family guy?
which person who influenced walt whitman started his/her work the earliest?
what language is spoken in the country where the chilean escudo is used as currency?
what currency is used in the country where the tsonga language is spoken?
where did the commander in chief of home forces die?
which of the cleveland browns'passing attempts had more than a passing attempt?
who influenced the actor that played in the movie  normal love ''?
what team did the football player that was purchased by real madrid c.f. play for in 2010?
what country has german as its official symbol and has leo belgicus as its official symbol?
what language do the native american american indians speak?
what movies from the united states of america did lucy hale play in?
where did bob dylan live that was also the location of the tv show malibu?
what currency is used in the country with a governmental body named russian ruble?
what was the occupation of the lyricist for  i dream 'd i lay where flow'rs were springing ''?
what is the mascot of the university that has a grad student named joshua lyman?
who influenced arthur miller?
what currency is used in the setting of the movie  justine ''?
who played darth vader in star wars?
who played leia organa in the film  postcards from the edge ''?
who started the organization that acquired volvo cars?
what year did the public speaker who spoke about egalitarianism, get sworn into office?
who wrote ivanhoe and also inspired walt whitman?
which of the cleveland browns'draft picks has the largest passing attempts stats?
who plays saruman in the lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring?
who is the jonas brothers?
what movies released after october 27, 2009 did miley cyrus star in?
what time zone is the state with official symbol of american paddlefish?
what state has a symbol that was adapted after the year 1939 and is home to the university of south carolina?
who played darth vader in the movie that had the soundtrack classic fm : star wars suite and other great film music?
what religion in canada has a deity named none0?
where is the start of the body of water that flows under dona ana bridge?
what movie written by melissa rivers did alyson stoner star in?
what movie written by melissa rivers did alyson stoner star in?
what type of cancer did the actor that played the character breakfast at tiffany's die from?
who is the current leader of the governmental body national assembly?
what was the subject of the movie  the loves of robert burns '' known for?
who was marriage to the actor who played in the movie  baldfield 8 ''?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that have a character named none0?
who was the author of  my story '' and dated by john f. kennedy?
what tv show with the smallest number of episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what form of government is practiced in both chile and brazil?
what is the smallest building in seattle, tn?
what team with a roster of less than 12 players did reggie bush play for?
who was the united states secretary of state and influenced by walt whitman?
what currency is used in the country with the coat of arms of the seal of the mexico?
what movie released in germany did alyson stoner star in?
what currency is used in the country affected by the cyclone tropical depression two-e?
what currency is used in the country that has the 15th cabinet of puerto rico?
what language is spoken in the aragonese language family?
what country did the fictional character tutankhamun live in?
who was the spouse of the actor who played prince hamlet?
what was the name of jonathan swift's first job?
what team that reggie bush played for in the miami metropolitan area?
what are the best places to visit in the emirates hills neighborhood?
what movie starring rihanna that was edited by colby parker?
what art style was used by the visual artist who created the art series of butterflies?
what language is spoken in greece and is also the language of the roman empire?
what did the actress that played in the movie  whitney houston : a song for you live '' die of?
what movie decorated by gary fettis did alyson stoner play in?
what year did covergirl win gold?
who is the voice of peter griffin on family guy?
who played cloud on general hospital?
what is the place where the movie  babe in the city '' takes place?
what form of government is practiced in sparta and the kingdom of portugal?
where does the actor who played the character sam shepard2 live?
who started the organization that is the parent company visteon?
who was the peer of robert rauschenberg who inspired andy warhol?
who did scarlett johansson marriage?
what country is the birthplace of the actor who portrayed linet mastai?
what did the politician appointed by paul von hindenburg die of?
what is the name of the taoism text written by fu xi?
what state was the film  stand by me '' filmed?
what is the attraction in salt lake city that has a visitor number greater than 1012563?
what is the best place to visit in the place that has the supreme court of florida?
what country has arabic language and adana province?
what was the title of the politician who was appointed by theodosius i and also the person who was caesar augustus?
what country is the home of the fictional character batman and is the main trading partner of germany?
what was the name of adolf hitler's parent who died first?
what year did the actor that played the character, computer geek, enter the nfl?
what type of music does the litigant in the trial of michael jackson have?
who is the coach of the team that plays in m & t bank stadium?
who played claire in the multipart episodes of the incident?
what coming of age movie did alyson stoner star in?
what currency is used in the country with government of south africa?
who is the actor that played in the movie  kontine ''?
what type of cancer did the actor that played in the film  the best of donna summer : the dvd collection '' die of?
who is the current leader of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhu jiang beer is produced?
who played darth vader in the film that starred scott mcghee?
what type of government is practiced in sparta, where the capital is coimbra?
what movie about naval battle did rihanna star in?
what sports team founded earliest did reggie bush play for?
what was laura ingalls wilder famous for?
who started the afl?
what country that has the governmental position of acting prime minister, does the niger river flow into?
what is the attraction in florida that is owned by meridian entertainments?
who plays steffy on the tv show with the theme song  the bold and the beautiful ''?
what form of government is used in the country where the samoyed breed originated?
what language is spoken in the bahamas and kenosha?
what continent is the country that speaks seselwa creole french?
what currency is used in the country that has the legislative session of the 16th cabinet of puerto rico?
who influenced the author of  antony and cleopatra ''?
what coming of age movie did alyson stoner star in?
who was the person that walter whitman dedicated his work to that also influenced william howard taft?
what team did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010 that had michael essien as a player?
who played kirk in the film  none4 ''?
what country with the smallest army is german spoken in?
what is the holy book of the religion that has a deity named taoism2?
what form of government is used in the country where the chilean escudo is the currency?
what time zone is the state that held the united states senate election in hawaii in 2010?
who does the voice for chucky in child's play?
what are the powers of the parent of samuel wilder?
who played dorothy in the film that starred holly bane?
what movie starring alyson stoner that had a prequel named step up 2 : the streets?
what team did the football player that was purchased by real madrid c.f. play for in 2010?
what type of cancer did audrey hepburn die from?
what language is spoken in the country where the abasi currency is used?
what movies in english have featured hannah montana?
what movie did miley cyrus play in that christopher nixon was in?
who played leia organa in the movie that was nominated for the bafta award for best screenplay, adapted?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
who wrote  charles darwin '' and also wrote  charles darwin ''?
what team did warren moon play for that became the tennessee oilers?
where did bob dylan live that was also the location of the tv show malibu?
what continent is the government of the republic of seychelles located on?
what country speaks arabic language and is the birthplace of fictional character sayid jarrah?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in the united kingdom?
what movie released to blu-ray disc did miley cyrus star in?
what country that was involved in the iran–iraq war has arabic language as a language?
what year did arsenal win the fa cup?
what is the venue with the largest capacity in sydney?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper akhbar el-yom?
who played darth vader in the film that hayden christensen was a crew member of?
where is the currency ake used?
who is the current leader of the circulation area of the newspaper reference news?
who played saruman in the film that christopher lee was a crew member of?
what is the name of the islamic holy book?
what tv show with the smallest number of seasons did joey lawrence star in?
what was the occupation of the person who marcus vitruvius pollio dedicated his work to?
who wrote the story of the glittering plain and also inspired antonio gaud?
what language is spoken in the country that contains najdi arabic4?
what time zone is the location where the movie  blue hawaiii '' takes place?
what form of government is used in the country where the kazak language is spoken?
what movie decorated by scott f. kennedy did lucy hale play in?
what is the name of the train station in san francisco?
what movie produced by alex proyas did liam hemsworth play in?
what jobs did benjamin franklin have?
what language do native american americans in the united states speak?
what type of art did salvador dal create?
what team did tom brady play for that was also a football team at university of michigan?
who plays boss hogg on the dukes of hazzard ( good ol boys )?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and held the united states senate?
what is there to do in staten island, new york city?
what organization that acquired mushrooming corporation did rupert murdoch own?
where is midlothian, scotland, that is the location of hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry?
who was the public speaker who spoke about egalitarianism and also inspired walt whitman?
which person who walt whitman dedicated their work to was also the united states congress dedicated their work to?
what language is spoken in the bahamas and is also the language in the fictional universe buffyverse?
who was the 2010 governor of the state that held the united states senate election in tennessee?
who played darth vader in the movie that had the soundtrack classic fm : star wars suite and other great film music?
what movie written by nicholas sparks did miley cyrus star in?
who played kirk in the film that was born in cte saint-luc?
what language is spoken in the place where the fictional character tutankhamun lived?
what team that plays in minneapolis did warren moon play for?
who was the person who inspired andy warhol and passed away in neuilly-sur-seine?
what form of government do fiji have that is also the form of government for dominica?
what was the actor that played in the film limp barrist : kick some @$$ : unauthorized?
what form of government does the location of gebel elba have?
where did the author of  leonard '' live?
who was galileo galilei2's academic advisor?
where is the beginning of the body of water that flows under the chirundu bridge?
what currency is used in the country with official symbol of coqu?
what exhibition venue in sydney opened most recently?
what form of government is used in bosnia and herzegovina?
what is the title of the chief justice of the court where william johnson serves?
what art style was created by the artist who created hospital in arles?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper  avui '' is circulated?
what sports are sponsored by telus?
what continent is the country that contains the second level division ls?
where does sam shepard live that has a county named washington county?
what movies, starring miley cyrus, are animation?
what is the religion of the taoism people whose text is taoism0?
what state has the tiger salamander as an official symbol and is where the illinois river is located?
which country with the smallest country calling code does the niger river flow into?
which country with the smallest country calling code does the niger river flow into?
who wrote the comedy of errosors and also influenced arthur miller?
what football player who drafted the cleveland browns in 2012 had less than 0 passing attempts?
who is the state governor of the state that has the official state symbol of state commercial fish?
what type of cancer did the actor that played in the movie  dutch in seven lessons '' die of?
what books written by suzanne collins are in the genre of speculative fiction?
who influenced walt whitman?
what language is spoken in the country where the puli breed originated?
who was the governor of the state affected by the 1848 cyclone?
what fantasy genre did charles darwin write?
what state has a fossil as a symbol and is home to littleton?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that have music by nicholas hooper?
what television shows does joey lawrence play in?
what language is spoken in the country where the malinois breed originated?
what team did the subject of the film  cristiano ronaldo : tested to the limit '' play for in 2010?
which peer of desiderius erasmus influenced william shakespeare to become president?
what was the earliest published work by charles darwin?
what movie, written by candace bushnell, did miley cyrus star in?
where did the author of  covergirl '' grow up?
what movies, starring miley cyrus, are in the cartoon pornography genre?
what is the salt lake city attraction that has the largest number of visitors?
what currency is used in the country where ridna marka pshenychne weissbier etalon beer is produced?
what movie, starring alyson stoner, is in the animated cartoon genre?
what jobs did benjamin franklin have?
what state is the state that held the united states of america 2010 united states of america senate election?
what year did the subject of the film  jordan rides the bus '' come to the nba?
who was a peer of michael crichton and influenced roy lichtenstein?
what movies directed by elliott glick has miley cyrus been in?
what kind of books did emily dickinson write?
what was the last time the new york yankees won the world series?
who was the vice president of the public speaker who spoke about energy development?
which person who influenced walt whitman started his/her work the earliest?
what movie was nominated for an award with the character  the whole cast '' and featured miley cyrus?
what movie was nick jonas brothers in?
what state held the united states of america senate election in alaska in 2008?
who is the current president of the affected area of the cyclone tropical depression two-e?
what is the main train station in the city where the mayor of san francisco is located?
what venue in sydney has a capacity of more than 5738?
what country speaks arabic language and is the setting of the fictional universe jojo's bizarre adventure?
what movies, starring liam hemsworth, that are thriller?
what movie produced by alan sacks did alyson stoner play in?
what movies that alyson stoner starred in that are of the genre : none4?
what jobs did albert einstein have?
what sports team in canada has a midfielder on its roster?
what language is spoken in the country with vice premier of the people's republic of china?
what is the main train station in the city where the fictional character mr. wong lived?
who was the president of france in 2012?
what movie starring lucy hale that has a prequel named scream 3?
who is the member of the order of st. olav and also influenced arthur miller?
what movie starring miley cyrus that was produced by dennis gassner?
what language is spoken in the country where sinebrychoff kaura beer is produced?
what currency is used in the country with government of ukraine?
who is the actor that played the character gavin rosdale?
what tv show with the smallest number of episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what country has german as the official language and is the station of radio vatican radio?
what coming of age movie did lucy hale play in?
what movie decorated by scott f. kennedy did liam hemsworth play in?
what football team did braylon edwards0, none4, drafted?
who was the speaker at the 4th joint debate at charlotte and also inspired walt whitman to become president?
what currency is used in the country that uses ukraineian karbovanets?
what country ruled by christopher of bavaria speaks german?
what movies did the artist nominated for an award for  none4 '' play in?
what was the name of the priest who's leadership started after april 27, 1805?
what movie starring liam hemsworth that rob nokes was a crew member of?
what school did the academic advisor of galileo galilei0 attend?
what movie filmed in hamilton features alyson stoner?
who plays brian austin green on the tv program with the theme song  david silver ''?
who played darth vader in star wars : the phantom menace?
what is the place to visit in the fictional universe xanth?
what currency is used in the country where the government of costa rica is located?
who was the speaker at the third joint debate at jonesboro who influenced walt whitman?
where did the music producer of  bob dylan : live and work '' live?
what is the place with the official symbol of  in god we trust ''?
who was the spouse of the artist who won the venice film festival upstream prize for best actress?
what are the sights to see in the cuatro viventos neighborhood?
what did charles darwin and the power of place do?
what religion in australia was founded by gautama buddha buddha buddha buddha buddha buddha buddha buddha buddha budd
what is the name of paige matthews's parent?
where was the birthplace of the artist nominated for an award for  how great thou art ''?
what form of government is practiced in the place where the fictional character tutankhamun lived?
who is the current governor of the state with the official motto  none0 ''?
what country that exports to the united states of america does the niger river flow into?
what religion in the united kingdom was founded by sarah?
what language is spoken in the country that has a governmental body called althing?
what currency is used in the country where jamaican english is spoken?
what state is the city that has the oakwood–vaughan neighborhood?
what language is spoken in the state administration of foreign exchange?
what person who was a member of the bush family who was born in newcastle?
what language do the navajo indians speak?
what form of government is practiced in sparta and the kingdom of portugal?
what country has a power plug type c and speaks arabic language?
what is the most recently opened building in dubai, uk?
who plays nicholas newman in the nadia's theme?
who was the first president of france in 2012?
what currency is used in the country with official symbol of ceiba pentandra?
what state was the u.s. attorney for the northern district of georgia?
who was the speaker in the 2012 state of the union address and who was vice president?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in australia?
what form of government does russia have?
what movie starring lucy hale that was produced by scott f. kennedy?
what year did the detroit pistons win the championship with the portland trail blazers as the runner up?
where did the music producer of  christmas in the heart '' live?
what movie written by nicholas sparks did liam hemsworth play in?
what country that has the second level division of echt-susteren is a part of north atlantic treaty organization ( nato )?
who does the voice for chucky in child's play?
where is the city that circulates the columbine community courage?
what is anderson silva?
which of the cleveland browns'football players was drafted first?
what movies did the actor that played the character none4 star in?
what language is spoken in the fictional universe view askewniverse?
which of the cleveland browns'passing attempts had more than a passing attempt?
who did the public speaker who spoke about the berlin wall have a romantic relationship with?
what sports team founded after 1967 did reggie bush play for?
what venue in powerhouse museum4 opened after 12-20-2008?
what is the capital of the state that held the united states senate election in montana in 2008?
who is the current governor of the fictional universe xanth?
who was the person that influenced walt whitman and held a position in the illinois house of representatives?
what form of government is practiced in sparta and the anglo portuguese forces?
what is the name of the taoism0 of the religion founded by taoism2?
what currency is used in the country where the poltava breed originated?
what did the actress that played the character julia biggs die of?
what sports team owned by the subject of the film  the house of steinbrenner '' is owned by george steinbrenner?
who played saruman in the lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring?
what is the occupation of the speaker in the 2012 state of the union address?
where did the artist nominated for an award for  bob dylan0 '' live?
what movie decorated by lydia marks did miley cyrus play in?
what language do the ethnic group that includes black irish speak?
what is the nationality of the person who said  yes we can! ''?
what form of government is practiced in sparta and the anglo portuguese forces?
what countries border the country that has mali as a city?
what currency is used in the affected area of the cyclone hurricane jose?
who played darth vader in the film that hayden christensen was a crew member of?
who played kirk?
what stop motion movies did miley cyrus star in?
what team that reggie bush played for in the miami metropolitan area?
what was the inauguration of the united states congress?
who is the author of the sahih al-bukhari?
what movie, starring rihanna, is in the thriller genre?
who played jason morgan in the movie  cybertracker ''?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion that has muhammad in islam as a founding figure?
where does bob dylan live that has a government position called mayor of minneapolis?
where does joey king live that has a neighborhood named paradise palms?
what league is the team that plays in lucas oil stadium in?
what currency is used in the setting of the movie  the proud and profane? ?
what movie starring rihanna that had cinematography done by brandon trost?
what currency is used in tunisian franc?
who wrote the two gentlemen of verona and also influenced arthur miller?
what form of government is practiced in the military combatant involved in the battle of kulikovo?
what language is spoken in the country where icelandic language is spoken?
where is the body of water that flows under the mcclunce bridge located?
what is the name of the train station in san francisco?
who played emma frost's parent?
what language do they speak in chile?
what team with a halfback did tom brady play for?
who was the president of france in 2008?
what engineered language is spoken in australia?
what language is spoken in the court of session?
what form of government is practiced in the country with the governmental body called the ministry of justice?
what movie produced by ben myron did alyson stoner star in?
what television film genre movies did lucy hale play in?
who is the current leader of france 2011 who was the finance minister?
what type of cancer did donna summers die from?
who was the vice president of the public speaker who spoke about education reform?
who was the voice of the character who was born in none0?
what movie did miley cyrus and ethan sachary star in?
what did the author of  darwin and his great discovery '' do?
what form of government is used in the country where the araucana breed originated?
what is the nationality of the speaker who spoke about education reform?
who influenced walt whitman and ended his/her government position after october 3rd, 1869?
where is the country that speaks ottoman turkish?
what is there to do in the place where the fictional character gil scherton lived?
what form of government is practiced in the country where the cordoba fighting dog originated?
what country has a power plug type c and speaks arabic language?
what is the capital of the country where the morocco franc is the currency?
where did bob dylan live that has a county named los angeles county?
what is the subject of the film  the genius of charles darwin : a biography of a man and an idea ''?
what shows with a run time of less than 30 minutes did joey lawrence star in?
which person who influenced walt whitman started his/her work after 1865?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship with the orlando magic as the runner up?
who was the actor that played in the movie  recognition of the japanese zero ''?
what movie was liam hemsworth in that was nominated for an award with the description  katniss everdeen ''?
what state produces the beer coors light and is also where littleton is?
what language is spoken in the country where the shetland sheepdog breed originated?
what language is spoken in the country where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is produced?
what team did the subject of the film  cristiano ronaldo0 '' play for in 2010?
where did the author of  the odore '' live?
who is the current governor of the supreme court of florida?
what is the name of the taoism0 that was founded by zhuangzi?
what country has arabic language and is the subject of the film twelve disciples of nelson mandela?
who was the u.s. attorney for the northern district of georgia?
who is the actor that played balthazar in the film?
what type of government is practiced in sparta and was ruled by manuel i of portugal?
who was the first president of france in 2012?
what currency is used in the military combatant involved in the battle of kulikovo?
what are the state senators of the state that has a representative of the state senator?
where did the politician appointed by paul von hindenburg die?
who is the current leader of the people's republic of china?
where is the body of water that contains lilliput and blefuscu?
what language is spoken in the second level division corfu?
what is the most recently opened building in dubai, uk?
when did the team that plays at oriole park at camden yards last win the world series?
what did charles darwin do?
who played darth vader in the film that starred scott mcghee?
what is the name of the governor general of the province of canada?
what is the name of the missouri house of representatives?
what country has a power plug type f and speaks arabic language?
what books written by suzanne collins are in the children's literature genre?
what is the capital of the state with the official symbol of nymphalis antiopa?
what is the capital of the state with capital named helena?
what language is spoken in the country with capital of nassau?
what country uses the west african cfa franc and is a major trading partner of germany?
what form of government is practiced in the country with national anthem argentina national anthem?
what language is spoken in the country that uses the chilean peso as currency?
what religion in the united kingdom uses the bible as a text?
what country that contains the city of giza necropolis is the administrative division of the city of cairo?
what is the mascot of the university with a leadership role of mr. communodore?
where is the university of south carolina located, in the utc05:00:00 time zone?
where did the famous person who had the medical condition  brain death '' live?
where did the actor who played the character,  frankenstein '' live?
what country speaks arabic language and is in the central time zone?
who is the current president of the country with national anthem himno nacional mexicano?
who did the team whose mascot is chomps draft?
the country that has the national anthem hatikvah is located on what continent?
what are the basic beliefs of the islamic religion?
what is the best place to visit in the location that appointed rick scott to a governmental position?
what language do the navajo people speak?
what league is the team that won the super bowl xli championship in?
what country is the tv show zola levitt presents shot in?
what time zone is the state with honolulu as its capital?
what is the best place to go to in the location that has a governmental office holder named jeb bush?
what form of government is used in the country with krasnodar krai?
where is the headquarters of the organization whose leadership includes someone named audi0?
what form of government is used in the country with magallanes y la antrtica chilena region?
who is the president of the country with national anthem qaumi taranah?
what movie starring rihanna that has a character named  rihanna ''?
where is the giza necropolis located in the eastern european time zone?
what league is the team owned by jim irsay?
what was the person who lived in galileo galilei2 famous for?
what team owned by serena williams did reggie bush play for in 2012?
what is the mascot of the university that publishes the yale herald?
what currency is used in the country with capital of tunisia?
who is the current leader of france 2011?
what form of government is practiced in the country that uses the argentina peso as currency?
the country that contains the cartago province is located on what continent?
what style of music does the artist who went on history world tour perform?
who is the current governor of the state whose capital is tallahassee?
where does sam shepard live in the utc05:00:00 time zone?
what continent is the country that uses the costa rican colon as currency?
who inspired the person who lived at 1342 lexington avenue?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem himno nacional mexicano?
what is the occupation of the famous person who attended state elementary school menteng 01?
what language is spoken in indonesia and is also the language of the fictional universe buffyverse?
what tv show with the smallest number of seasons did joey lawrence star in?
what is the most recently opened building in staten island?
what time zone is the mayor of new orleans in?
what country speaks welsh and is the birthplace of robert darcy, 4th earl of holderness?
what school did the actor who played in the movie man-up! attend?
what state was the chief economist and economic policy adviser?
what form of government does fiji have?
what currency is used in the country where the chicomuceltec language is spoken?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that are in the fantasy genre?
where did the speaker of the 1801 presidential inauguration of thomas jefferson die?
what language that belongs to the west germanic languages language family do people in japan speak?
who is the current leader of france 2012?
what year did the detroit pistons win the championship with a score of 4-1?
what time zone is the area where the newspaper honolulu record is circulated?
where does the artist nominated for awards for  sam shepard2 '' live?
what movie starring lucy hale that was edited by scott mcghee?
what is the location of the film  the passenger ''?
what team that plays in centurylink field did warren moon play for?
what is the capital of the country where arabic language is spoken?
what killed the actress who played in the movie  whitney houston : the greatest hits ''?
what is nicolas cage son?
where is the currency kuru used?
what form of government is used in the circulation area of the newspaper aurora de chile?
when did the person who william howard taft dedicated his work get sworn into office?
what school with headquarters in cambridge did caroline kennedy attend?
what year did abraham lincoln inauguration take place?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that have a sequel called harry potter and the chamber of secrets?
who is the current leader of the country where the gull terrier breed originated?
where does sam shepard live that uses the united states dollar?
what type of government is practiced in canada and the birthplace of emanuel lascar?
what movie directed by seth roggen did rihanna star in?
who was the person who said  first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers '' and also influenced arthur miller?
who influenced arthur miller and also influenced william godwin?
what is jack london famous for?
what country bordering bolivia that is the birthplace of paddington bear?
which north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has the largest country calling code?
what country with an army greater than 685000 is the giza necropolis?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship with a score of 4 -0?
what currency is used in the country where santa fe beer factory luna llena beer is produced?
what type of cancer did the actor that played the character jo stockton die from?
what to do in seattle washington?
what country has fewer than 2500 people in their army?
what movie starring alyson stoner that has costumes designed by scott f. kennedy?
what is the latest attraction to open in dubai?
what movie starring liam hemsworth that was directed by scott f. kennedy?
what team with a roster of less than 12 players did reggie bush play for?
what language is spoken in the tortall universe and is spoken in indonesia?
what school in new york city did caroline kennedy attend?
who is the current president of the country where the chihuahua breed originated?
what type of government is practiced in both japan and austria-hungary?
what continent is israel located?
what currency is used in the country where falcon beer is produced?
who is the current governor of the state that held the 2010-2010 united states senate election?
what movie produced by brian goldner did rihanna star in?
what language is spoken in the united kingdom and kenosha?
what movie produced by walt disney pictures did alyson stoner star in?
what form of government is practiced in the location where the movie  the motorcycle diaries '' takes place?
who influenced walt whitman?
what is the zip code of the location where the movie  inglewood0 '' takes place?
what movies produced by twentieth century fox film did alyson stoner star in?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the politics of sweden is?
what airport is in the circulation area of the cornell university progressive?
what is the name of the cyclone that felipe caldero was a part of?
what countries have arabic language as a language and were involved in the military conflict of the iraq6?
what is the name of the bassophone that the artist nominated for an award for harmony played?
what sports team founded after 1879 did tom brady play for?
what are the three official languages of the country where picard is spoken?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that feature the song magic works?
what is the nationality of the subject of the movie  barack obama anak menteng? ?
who was the artist nominated for the golden globe award for new star of the year – actor who influenced andy warhol?
what currency is used in the country with second level division cartago?
what movies in the harry potter series have fiona weir as the film's casting director?
who wrote lady windermere's fan and also inspired walt whitman to write?
what continent is the supreme court of israel located in?
what year did the sports team that plays in arsenal f.c.0 win the league?
what is the attraction in salt lake city that has a visitor number greater than 1012563?
what movie produced by mandate pictures did rihanna star in?
what continent is the country that uses the israeli lira as currency?
what movie about a dog did miley cyrus star in?
what language is spoken in the country where the icelandic sheepdog breed originated?
what country is the birthplace of the band whose member is a member of robert goodridge?
what sports team sponsored by iberdrola did santi cazorla play for in 2010?
what is the nationality of the person who said  yes we can! ''?
what is the name of the train station in san francisco?
who is the voice of stewie griffin's parent?
what is the main train station in the city where anchor steam beer is made?
where did the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend?  live?
what language is spoken in both great britain and in indonesia?
what currency is used in the country where the south african pound is used?
what to do in seattle washington?
where did héctor camacho live that is also the place where fictional character juliet van heuson lived?
what form of government is practiced in both the kingdom of prussia and canada?
what peer of fredrich wortrichard worter schiller inspired walt whitman?
what style of music does the artist who produced silk electric perform?
where did the actor who played in the movie  wimbledon 2007 final : nadal '' grow up?
who played kirk in star trek?
who influenced walt whitman and ended their governmental position the earliest?
who is the governor of the state with the state sport fish as its official symbol?
what time zone is the state with reef triggerfish as its official symbol?
what is the author of  a modest proposition '' famous for?
what country has german as its language and is the government of germany?
where does joey king live that has a county named clark county?
where is the ducati company?
who is the catholic and the current maryland senator?
what movies in the hunger games series did liam hemsworth play in?
where is midlothian, england, that uses the pound sterling?
what country bordering bolivia that contains nova roma?
what movies did the artist nominated for an award for  none4 '' play in?
where did the person who sponsored circuit city grow up?
what country is the government of alaska located in?
what movie was nominated for an award with the description  shrek 2 ''?
who was the actor that played the character, marilyn monroe?
what was the role of the speaker at march on washington for jobs and freedom?
who played boss hogg in the dukes of hazzard : the beginning?
what did the actor that played in the film  the best of donna summer : the dvd collection '' die of?
what killed the music producer of whitney : the greatest hits?
what movie starring lucy hale that was produced by marianne maddalena?
what football team did braylon edwards0, none0, drafted?
what is the salt lake city attraction that has the largest number of visitors?
what is the main train station in the city where the fictional character chloe king lived?
where is the fictional universe jojo's bizarre adventure and the location of giza necropolis?
what are the three official languages of the country that has the official symbol of leo belgicus?
what is there to do in sydney?
who is the voice of lois in the tv program with the family guy theme song?
what language is spoken in the tortall universe and is spoken in indonesia?
what language is spoken in the country where the araucana breed originated?
what is the title of the chief justice of the court that has a courthouse called united states supreme court building?
what state has a symbol that was adapted earliest and is home to littleton?
what language with the code xloj in the rosetta project is spoken in australia?
what sport is played by kenya?
what time zone is the affected area of the cyclone tropical storm fabio?
where is midlothian, scotland, located, that has the scottish government?
what language is spoken by the native american american indians and is also the language of the tortall universe?
what country is johannesburg in?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and was a member of the episcopal church?
what is the author of  dreams from my father '' famous for?
who was influenced by girard desargues and influenced walt whitman?
what movie produced by universal studios did rihanna star in?
what was the earliest published book that charles darwin wrote?
what is the nationality of the speaker who spoke about energy development?
what currency is used in the circulation area of the newspaper social-demokraten?
what currency is used in the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is produced?
what is the name of the taoism text that was influenced by mozi?
who played darth vader in the film that hayden christensen was a crew member of?
who did the cleveland browns draft that started his career the earliest?
what religion in canada has ali as a figure?
what is the nationality of the person who went to neolani elementary school?
what form of government is used in the country with the capital of bamako?
who held his governmental position from after january 3, 1977 and was the maryland senator?
what currency is used in the country where jamaican english is spoken?
who was the vice president of the person who once lived in the white house?
what country has the tibetan main country and uses the renminbi as currency?
what religion in the united kingdom has a religious text named shulchan aruch?
what is the nationality of the artist who went on the believe tour?
who is the coach of the team whose mascot is named poe?
the country that has the national anthem la la borinquea uses what type of currency?
what is the person who attended harrogate college known for?
what team with mascot named k. c. wolf did warren moon play for in 2010?
what country with the capital baghdad speaks arabic language?
where is the location that appointed margrethe ii of denmark to a governmental position?
where is the country that uses sultani as currency?
what form of government is used in the country with moscow?
what is the nationality of the person who attended state elementary school menteng 01?
where did laura ingalls wilder live in the mountain time zone?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion that uses the sunnah text?
who is the current leader of the country that uses the renminbi as currency?
what country speaks arabic language and is in the central time zone?
who is the brother of the famous person who went to william o. schaefer elementary school?
what team that won the super bowl xxvii championship did tom brady play for?
where is the capital of the dalkeith?
who is the current president of the organization with president of the european parliament?
what did the famous person who went to pontiac central high school do?
where is the oral fixation tour artist from?
when did the sports team owned by jerry buss last win a championship?
what language is spoken in the country where the tv show the bride with white hair was filmed?
what team with mascot named  saray s.k '' didier drogba play for in 2010?
where is the country whose capital is istanbul?
what is the name of the sacred text of the religion with notable figure named taoism0?
who does the voice for chucky in child's play?
what country that contains cairo is home to giza necropolis?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem afghan national anthem?
what type of music does the artist who went on this is it tour perform?
what language is spoken in the country that has taoyuan county?
where does roger moore live?
who did the cleveland browns draft that started his career after none2?
what team with mascot named viktor the vikings did warren moon play for in 2010?
where is midlothian, england, that is the birthplace of fictional character jack osborne?
what are the sights to see in the location that appointed ana botella to a governmental position?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that were directed by lucida thomson?
what are the three official languages of the country where the government of belgium is located?
what are the three official languages of the country where the government of belgium is located?
what influenced william shakespeare to write poetry?
what team does the actor who played in the movie  golden shoes '' play for?
who was influenced by philip sidney and prompted william shakespeare to write poetry?
what continent is the seychelles nation circulated?
what language is spoken in the country where the tamaskan dog breed originated?
what is the most recently opened building in dubai that has more than 16 floors?
where did the artist who created the art series three musicians live?
what currency is used in the area where the newspaper la dépche tunisienne is circulated?
who influenced arthur miller and also influenced william hazlitt?
what movies did the subject of the image  this is the end '' star in?
who influenced antonio gaud and also influenced bauhaus?
what movie, featuring the song safe & sound, features liam hemsworth?
who played leia organaa and contributed to the story in the film  postcards from the edge ''?
what year did the actor that played in the film nfl : super bowl xxii, enter the nfl?
what language is spoken in the people's republic of china?
what is the most recently established attraction in salt lake city?
what is the ethnicity of the actor who played in the film  the wizards return : alex vs. alex ''?
where did the actor who played the character, bob dylan0, live?
what currency is used in the place where the cubalaya breed originated?
what school attended by caroline kennedy was founded first?
what city did sam shepard live in that has a symbol that was adapted after 1970?
what is the zip code of the location where the movie  price of glory '' takes place?
where did the author of  the wealth of nations '' grow up?
what movies has the actor that played the character liam hemsworth0 been in?
what thriller movie did liam hemsworth play in?
what county is the area where the newspaper minnesota daily is circulated?
what is the main station in the circulation area of the newspaper san francisco call?
what is there to do in salt lake city, tn?
what language is spoken in the country where the formosan mountain dog breed originated?
what did donna summers die of?
what countries have a country calling code greater than 227 and are niger river0?
where did the author of  sidereus nuncius '' go to school?
what movie, produced by alloy entertainment, did lucy hale star in?
what was the occupation of the person who said  let us do or die ''?
what currency is used in the location where the movie  the treasure of the sierra madre '' takes place?
what attraction is located at 1301 second avenue in seattle, washington, washington, washington?
what state was the person who said  i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend? ?
what year did arsenal win the fa cup?
who is the current leader of the state administration of foreign exchange?
what language is spoken in the country where the scottish government is located?
who is the current leader of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhu jiang beer is produced?
what county is the city that circulates the workets ridder newspaper located in?
what countries border the country where cerveza ducal beer is produced?
what form of government is practiced in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position president of fiji?
what religion in australia that was featured in the work siddhartha?
what language that belongs to the eastern berber languages language family do egyptians use?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that have a prequel called harry potter and the philosopher's stone?
who is the current leader of the communist party of china?
what movie starring liam hemsworth that taylor scott was a crew member of?
what is the nationality of the person who said  yes we can! ''?
who did scarlett johansson marriage?
what did the actor that played the character, nicolas sims, die of?
who is the voice of piter de vries in child's play?
what movies did the actor that played the character tinker bell : secret of the wings star in?
what country did the subject of the film  victoria the great '' rule?
where is giza necropolis located, and has the smallest army?
what did the artist nominated for awards for  i'm your baby tonight '' die of?
what jobs did the author of  albert einstein2 '' do?
what movies from the united states of america did liam hemsworth play in?
what are the sights to see in the area where the newspaper el liberal circulates?
what language is spoken in both mania and the warao language family?
what killed the politician who had the title reich governor?
what tv shows with a run time of less than 30 minutes did joey lawrence star in?
what is the capital of the state with the official symbol of gold and silver?
who was the president of walter whitman and also influenced by abraham lincoln?
what is there to do in barcelona that opened after 1907?
who was the executive producer of none4 and also played kirk?
what is the most recent movie released by lucy hale?
what stop motion movie did lucy hale star in?
what movie starring rihanna that had francine butler as the film's casting director?
who is the brother of the author of  notes from my travels ''?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor and was a senator?
who was marriage to none4?
what is the earliest released movie that alyson stoner starred in?
what is barack obama known for?
who was the actor that played in the movie  marilyn monroe's full house ''?
who inspired the artist who created the art series of cars?
who influenced arthur miller and wrote  a doll's house ''?
what year did shawn johnson win gold?
what is the tall building in seattle, washington, that has more than 20 floors?
what movie directed by aaron haye did rihanna star in?
where is the beginning of the river that flows through sesheke?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship with a score of 4-3?
what movie starring lucy hale that had avy kaufman as the film's casting director?
what language is spoken where the greek drachma is the currency?
where does héctor camacho live that is owned by peter minuit?
what movie produced by kevin williams was lucy hale in?
what language is spoken in the country where sinebrychoff karhu ii beer is produced?
what movie starring lucy hale that was produced by gae s. buckley?
what language is spoken in the country that uses power plugs that are type bs 546?
who did the person who the president who none8 dedicated his work to have a special relationship with?
what language do taiwanese people speak?
what movie about alien invasion did rihanna star in?
who is the current governor of the state that has the tennessee supreme court?
what club with a mascot named santi cazorla has a player on its roster?
what religion in australia that influenced arthur schopenhauer?
who played darth vader in the film that hayden christensen was a crew member of?
what jobs did benjamin franklin have?
what venue in sydney has a capacity of more than 5738?
what movies did the author of  none4 '' play in?
where does the actor who played in the movie joey king : live?
who was the president of france in 2007 that held his governmental position from after april 17, 2007?
what religion is practiced in the united kingdom and is the subject of the movie  lies my father told me? ?
what time zone is the affected area of the cyclone hurricane iwa?
what did charles darwin do?
who was the person that said  a good newspaper is a nation talking to itself ''?
what form of government is practiced in the country where the argentina peso ley is used?
what form of government is used in the country where cerveza colonos del llanquihue lager premium artesanal beer is produced?
who did cleveland browns draft?
what style of music does the composer of billie jean perform?
what movie starring alyson stoner that was produced by shepherd frankel?
which person who influenced walt whitman started his/her work the earliest?
what school with headquarters in new york city did caroline kennedy attend?
what was the occupation of the academic advisor of albert einstein2?
who is the current president of the location where the movie  frida '' takes place?
who started the afl?
what is there to do in the place where the fictional character niles crane lived?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that were produced by 1492 pictures?
who is the current leader of the government where the minister of the economy, finance and employment ( france ) is located?
what movie produced by gaumont film company did liam hemsworth play in?
what movie starring liam hemsworth that has a trailer called  http : //youtu.be/0bdzwrw6hna ''?
who is the voice of chris griffin's parent in family guy?
what is the author of a modest proposition ( webster's german thesaurus edition ) famous for?
what continent is the country where the plautdietsch language is spoken?
what country has a power plug type f and speaks arabic language?
what language is spoken in both mania and the fictional universe buffyverse?
who is the current governor of the affected area of the cyclone, ohio?
who played kirk in the film  none6 ''?
where did the author of  the thomas hobbes book '' live?
what is the body of water that flows under the port jackson bridge?
what currency is used in the affected area of the hurricane otto?
who plays claire in the multipart episodes of the end?
who were paul von hindenburg's parents?
what is the holy book of the religion that has a god named taoism2?
what movie starring lucy hale that john edgar park was a crew member of?
where did the artist who created las meninas art series live?
what is there to do in barcelona?
who is the actor that played in the film zoolander?
what form of government is practiced in the country where doric greek is spoken?
which of the cleveland browns'passing attempts had more than a passing attempt?
who played the parent of none4?
what country did james cook come from that speaks the norn language?
what state was the film  stand by me '' filmed?
who was the person who influenced arthur miller and influenced by henrik wergeland?
who played darth vader in star wars?
what language do people in guyana speak?
what language is spoken in the country where hungarian is the official language?
