where is the river thames river located that has the position title of minister of food?
who started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board and had the title attorney general?
what is the name of the movie that robert pattinson starred in that was released to blu-ray disc?
what country did adolf hitler govern?
who was sworn into office after the person to whom leonard bernstein dedicated his work died?
where does the river that originates from french broad river flow into?
what is the inventor of mark twain4 famous for?
what else did the inventor of the thomas edison4 invent?
who was appointed by ronald reagan and was involved in the israeli–palestinian conflict?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the switzerlander laufhund?
who played darth vader in a film that matt lanter was a crew member of?
what amusement park in madrid has the batman : la fuga ride?
where does the owner of ecstasea live?
what form of government is used in the area affected by cyclone tropical depression two-e?
where is auburn university located in lee county?
what structure in houston, texas opened after 1971?
what english language show did henry winkler produce?
what language, found in the fictional universe buffyverse, do israeli people speak?
where did the subject of the film martin luther king, jr.0 go to school?
which of quentin tarantino's films was released most recently?
what was the job of the speaker at the march on washington for jobs and freedom?
what english-based creole languages do they speak in jamaica?
what tv show shot in new york has the longest episode run time?
what midwestern united states state is home to point place?
what continent is the country where the south african pound is used?
what states does the body of water under the state0 pass through?
what language do they speak in norway?
what regina hall movie featured music by vernon reid?
what movie directed by debra zane did taylor lautner star in?
which of van halen's albums was released earliest?
what college did shaquille o'neal play for?
who was judy garland marriage to in the movie the princess and the pirate?
what kind of government does the country where nigerian breweries star beer is made have?
what is charlotte, north carolina known for that has a headquarters located in mecklenburg county?
what jenna dewan movie had costumes designed by durinda wood?
what movie was omar epps in that was filmed in new york city?
what ian somerhalder work was directed by lesley beale?
what ian somerhalder work was directed by lesley beale?
what is the capital of the state where the fictional character sunstreak lived?
when did captain dustin brown's hockey team last win the cup?
when did captain dustin brown's hockey team last win the cup?
what airport does airtran airways fly to?
who was influenced by baron de montesquie and appointed thomas jefferson to a government position?
what state does the mississippi river pass through that has the minnesota senate?
what did thomas edison invent?
which member of the kennedy family died first?
what movie did tom cruise star in?
what type of music did ludwig van beethoven perform in the film shadow of the stars?
what religion was practiced by the public speaker who spoke about the berlin wall?
what german movies did j.j. abrams direct?
who is the president of the country that contains azad kashmir?
what is the mascot of the organization led by nicholas s. zeppos?
what country does bolivia border that contains goiã¡s?
who is the coach of the team owned by steve bisciotti?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem ee mungu nguvu yetu?
what currency is used in the country with Rift valley province?
when was the last time the new york yankees won the world series?
the country that has the national anthem god bless fiji has what type of government?
who is the current president of the location where the tv show `` the bride with white hair '' was filmed?
what currency is used in the country with kronoberg county?
where does héctor camacho live in the utc−05:00:00 time zone?
where is the university of south carolina located that has columbia as its capital?
what languages are spoken in the country with the capital city of brussels?
what two major religions in canada follow the bible?
where did the illustrator of the book `` feu de joie '' live?
what us state has a capital named franklin and where the illinois river runs through?
where is the giza Necropolis located that has a governmental office holder named hosni mubarak?
the country with the national anthem la bayamesa uses what type of currency?
the country that uses the chilean peso has what type of government?
what languages are spoken in the country where the afghan afghani is used as currency?
what are the team colors of the team with big red as its mascot?
where is the university with the south carolina gamecocks men's basketball team located?
what religion with places of worship named chapel is practiced in australia?
what country in the united states of america has a governmental office holder named sean parnell?
the country with the national anthem le mali has what type of government?
where is the country with the national anthem koste seselwa located?
when did the houston rockets win the championship?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem of russia?
what country that appointed dioncounda traorã© to governmental position does the niger river flow through?
what country speaks welsh and has edinburgh as its capital?
what airport is closest to the country with national anthem sons and daughters of saint lucas?
where is the country with san jose as its capital located?
what team with a mascot named sir saint did reggie bush play for?
what did the person who went to luitpold gymnasium do?
what did the famous person who went to albert einstein0 do?
who is the current president of the country that has national people's congress?
who are the members of the band that had the concert tour look me in the eyes tour?
who are the members of the band that had the concert tour look me in the eyes tour?
where did galileo galilei live?
what major religion in canada has chapels as places of worship?
what currency is used in the country that imports from zimbabwe?
the country with the national anthem there is a lovely country is located in what continent?
what countries does the niger river flow through in greenwich mean time zone?
where is the team with the mascot named pittsburgh steelers from?
who played darth vader in star wars episode i : the phantom menace?
what is the official language of the country that contains nã³grã¡d county?
who founded ford motor company mexico holdings inc?
what form of government is used in the country with bilady bilady, bilady as its national anthem?
what time zone is the us state with jefferson city as its capital?
what is the earliest structure to be built in barcelona?
where did pablo picasso live that appointed georges pompidou to a governmental position?
when did the sports team owned by tom gores win the championship?
what country contains midlothian and contains Pitcairn islands?
the country with the capital of suva has what type of government?
what is the mascot of the educational institution with a mascot named mr. commodore?
what is the official language of the country that has national people's congress?
what are the basic beliefs of the sharia belief?
who influenced whitman to become a politician and ended his/her government position earliest?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem of the republic of china?
what language is spoken in the country with scottish english as its national anthem?
what team with mascot named t.d. did reggie bush play for?
where is the school with the daily gamecock newspaper located?
what form of government is used in the country that has ãmnã³govi province?
what countries does bolivia border in the utc−05:00:00 time zone?
what united kingdom religion has safed as a sacred site?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem du gamla, du fria?
what zoo in seattle, wa opened earliest?
what religion that uses the book of nehemiah is practiced in australia?
who is the head coach of the team that won the 1995 nba finals championship?
the country that contains tunis uses what type of currency?
where is the country with the national anthem land of the free located?
what arabic language speaking country has ray as its capital?
where did james dean live?
what is the most recently opened zoo in sydney?
who is the head coach of the team whose fight song is `` seven nation army ''?
where is the university with mascot university of south carolina cocky located?
what arabic language speaking country has baghdad as its capital?
when was the last time the los angeles raiders won the super bowl?
what german speaking country has bonn as its capital?
what team with the fight song skol, vikings did warren moon play for?
what currency is used in the country with santiago de cuba province?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem shche ne vmerla ukraina?
where did the film stand by me take place?
when did the los angeles lakers win their first championship?
where is the team with the fight song `` pittsburgh steelers polka '' from?
where did bob dylan live in the central time zone?
what united kingdom religion has harmandir sahib as a sacred site?
where is the giza Necropolis located and the location of cairo?
what australian religions follow the bible?
when did los angeles lakers win their first championship?
where is the giza Necropolis located that has mohamed morsi as a government official?
who is the president of the country that contains balochistan?
what team owned by paul g. allen family foundation did warren moon play for?
what is the mascot of the college with ryan rote as a grad student?
where is the country with the capital of belmopan located?
when was the last time the new york yankees won the world series?
where did the person who said `` seriously, i do not think i fit for the presidency '' die?
what country speaks welsh and has george ii of great britain as a government official?
what is the mascot of the educational institution with yale bulldogs men's basketball team?
the country that contains kiev uses what type of currency?
who owns envi?
what team with the fight song `` the victors '' did tom brady play for?
what country with paris as its capital did pablo picasso live in?
what is the mascot of the educational institution with yale center for british art?
what movie did rihanna star in that has a character named kat graham?
what major religion in the united kingdom has chapels as places of worship?
what country with edinburgh as its capital did james cook come from?
what is the most recently opened zoo in sydney?
what arabic language speaking country uses the saudi arabia riyal?
what us state has denver as its capital and is home to littleton?
where does joey king live where the tv show `` the stand '' was filmed?
where does joey king live where the tv show `` the stand '' was filmed?
who influenced antoni gaudí and designed red house?
what is the mascot of the organization led by rick levin?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion that worships at yavuz sultan selim mosque?
who is the president of the country that uses the pakistani rupee?
what character did the actor who went to makoura college play in despicable me?
when did the houston rockets win the championship?
what does the person who once lived in the white house do?
where is the country that contains denmark '' -u located?
what country speaks arabic language and contains ajman?
what currency is used in the country with oranjestad as its capital?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live where the currency used is the cfp franc?
what country with the capital of conakry does the niger river flow through?
what is the state motto of the us state whose capital is frankfort?
what country contains midlothian and montserrat?
people from the country that contains al sharqia governorate speak what languages?
where is the body of water under jim edgar located?
what country does bolivia border that has pope francis as its religious leader?
what did the person who once lived in cambrian park die of?
the country with the national anthem humat al-hima uses what type of currency?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem tiến quân ca?
who are the athletes in the country that uses the kenya shilling?
what major religion in the united kingdom has eve as a notable figure?
who started the organization william clay ford motor company, jr.?
what languages are spoken in the country where the guyana0 is used as currency?
who influenced the architect who designed bellesguard?
what form of government is used in the country that uses the fijian dollar?
what did the famous person who went to jeremiah e burke high school die of?
what is the name of the san francisco 4th and king street station?
what airport is closest to the country that has Soufrière?
what is the latest structure to be established in seattle seattle?
what year did the famous person who went to emsley a. laney high school get drafted?
what team with stamford the lion as its mascot did didier drogba play for?
where is the giza necropolis located with the capital of cairo?
what is the capital of the country where tibetan is spoken?
what is the official language of the country that has national people's congress?
what currency is used in the country that contains trelawny parish?
who was the president of france after none2?
what currency is used in the country with kwazulu-natal?
what is there to do in the pacific time zone in seattle seattle?
what language is spoken where the bahamian dollar is used?
where is the team owned by rooney family from?
what team owned by alisher usmanov did santi cazorla play for?
what languages are spoken in the country with guyana0?
what is there to do in the state with tallahassee as its capital?
who are the athletes in the country with nairobi province?
what team did reggie bush play for that won the super bowl xliv championship?
where is the country with imperial anthems of the ottoman empire located?
the country that contains kef governorate uses what type of currency?
where is the country that uses ottoman lira located?
what is the mascot of the educational institution with jonathan edwards college?
the country that contains northern division, fiji has what type of government?
the country that contains central division, fiji has what type of government?
where did the film stand by me take place?
what religion with notable figure ali is in australia?
what country does bolivia border that uses the argentina peso?
where was the battle of shiloh fought in the central time zone?
the country that contains tarapacã¡ region has what type of government?
what is the nationality of the person who once lived in the white house?
where is the team with the fight song renegade from?
what team owned by roman abramovich did didier drogba play for?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country contains friesland?
what continent is the country that uses the belize dollar located in?
when was the last time the orioles won the world series?
what team did reggie bush play for that won the super bowl xliv championship?
where does bob dylan live in the eastern time zone?
what united kingdom religion believes in the virgin birth of jesus?
what is the capital of the state that has a government body called the missouri house of representatives?
what currency is used in the country with nairobi province?
which cleveland browns draft pick started his career latest?
what did the famous person who went to los banos high school die of?
what currency is used in the country with noble patria, tu hermosa bandera as its national anthem?
who are the members of the band that had the jonas brothers world tour 2009?
what major religion in canada believes in mahdi?
who did none0's sports team draft?
when did detroit pistons win the championship?
when did detroit pistons win the championship?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
the country that contains puntarenas province is located in what continent?
what arabic language speaking country uses the saudi arabia riyal?
what currency is used in the country with airport that serves nijmegen?
what did the famous person who went to neolani elementary school do?
what country speaks arabic language and contains ajman?
where did the illustrator of the book de mã©moire d'homme : poã¨me live?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion with muhammad in islam?
what is the capital of the country with cherifian anthem as its national anthem?
what instrument did the famous person who went to henry d. perry middle school play?
what zoo in seattle wa opened after 1899?
what type of art did the person who went to willem ii college do?
where is the giza Necropolis located that has mohamed morsi as a government official?
what arabic language speaking country uses the lebanese pound?
what is the sacred text of taoism?
what year did arsenal won the league?
where did pablo picasso live in the central european time zone?
who is the head coach of the team whose fight song is `` the baltimore fight song ''?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has a governmental office holder named rosen plevneliev?
what industry does the organization led by tony nicely operate in?
what currency is used in the country with san juan as its capital?
what team with the fight song when the saints go march in did reggie bush play for?
where is the country with the national anthem noble patria, tu hermosa bandera located?
the country with the capital of santiago has what type of government?
what year did leslie alexander's sports team win the championship?
who started the organization led by john g. parker?
what movie has lucy hale been in that has a character named jasper?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem of south africa?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion with ali as a notable figure?
what team owned by serena williams did reggie bush play for?
what form of government does the location that appointed vladimir putin to governmental position have?
the country that has the national anthem bilady, bilady, bilady exports to which country?
what major religion in canada has mecca as a sacred site?
what countries border the country with none0 as its capital?
what major religion in the united kingdom has churches as places of worship?
what german speaking country appointed miloå¡ zeman to a governmental position?
what country has midlothian and edinburgh as its capital?
the country that contains krasnodar krai uses what type of currency?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has sofia as its capital?
who is the governor of the state with nashville as its capital?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where thabo mbeki holds office?
when did george steinbrenner's sports team last win the world series?
when did detroit pistons win the championship?
what country bordering bolivia has buenos aires as its capital?
the country that contains haifa district is located in what continent?
who played leia organaa?
people from the country that has the national anthem sa'idi arabic0 speak what languages?
what team with pat patriot as its mascot did tom brady play for?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has an airport that serves kleve district?
what team owned by jimmy buffett did reggie bush play for?
what league does the team with the mascot named indianapolis colts blue play in?
what religion practiced in australia believes in the virgin birth of jesus?
what is the mascot of the college with ryan rote as a grad student?
what australian religion has a sacred site named kushinagar?
what team owned by farhad moshiri did santi cazorla play for?
where is the giza necropolis located with the capital of cairo?
the country that contains northern district is located in what continent?
what is the official language of the country that uses renminbi?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what character did the actor who went to breakwater school play in lord of the rings?
the country that contains khentii province has what type of government?
where is the country that contains stann creek district located?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live where the currency used is the euro?
what language is spoken in the country with national anthem lofsã¶ngur?
what country speaks arabic language in the eastern time zone?
who played none0 in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
which cleveland browns draft pick started his career first?
what country does bolivia border that has brazilia as its capital?
who plays chucky in child's play?
where does héctor camacho live in the eastern time zone?
when was the last time the raiders won the super bowl?
what language do they speak in the country that imports from pakistan?
what is the mascot of the school with thomas r. gold as a grad student?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
which of john f. kennedy's wives had endometriosis?
what character did the person who went to napanee district secondary school play in over the hedge?
when did the sports team owned by peter angelos last win the world series?
where does usher live?
what is the name of the main train station in the city that hosted the 1960 summer olympics?
who is the current president of the country that uses renminbi as its currency?
what is the mascot of the educational institution with a mascot named mr. commodore?
what children's literature did the person who once lived in conneticut write?
what did abrahamic religions believe in?
the country that contains moscow uses what type of currency?
what is the ethnicity of the person who went to danny jones middle school?
what movies did the artist who had a concert tour named none0 play in?
who did the famous person who went to edward devotion school date?
what language is spoken in the country with flower of scotland as its national anthem?
what movie with a character named sidney presworth did lucy hale play in?
who did the cleveland browns draft that started his career after none2?
what is there to do in the place that hosted the 2002 winter olympics?
what german speaking country has an airport that serves nijmegen?
what country has a governmental body called national people's congress and speaks tibetan?
what is the name of the san francisco4th and king street station?
what team owned by robert k Kraft did tom brady play for?
what country did james cook come from that appointed george i of great britain to a governmental position?
what is the capital of the governmental jurisdiction where driss jettou holds office?
what languages are spoken in the country with national anthem brabanã§onne?
what year did arsenal won the league?
what country speaks welsh and has the capital dolwyddelan?
what movies did the person who attended none0 play in?
the country that has the national anthem of bolivia shares borders with which countries?
what team that won super bowl vii did reggie bush play for?
what major religion in australia has richard hooker as a notable figure?
what is there to do in madrid in the central european time zone?
what year did the famous person who went to emsley a. laney high school get drafted?
what countries border the country that uses bolivian boliviano as its currency?
when was the last time the team with the oriole bird as its mascot won the world series?
what team with the fight song i'm shipping up to boston did tom brady play for?
what languages are spoken in the country that appointed antonis samaras to a governmental position?
what type of government does the country that appointed anwar sadat to govermental position have?
what eastern european time zone country is part of north atlantic treaty organization ( nato )?
who is the current president of the country that has national people's congress?
what country bordering bolivia that has a religious organization called society of jesus '' -g?
what is the capital of the country where george f. l. charles airport is located?
who played darth vader in star wars episode i : the phantom menace?
who did the team whose fight song is `` hi-o-Hi-o for cleveland '' draft?
who is the president of the country whose capital is ipad?
what country where zola levitt presents was filmed speaks arabic language?
the country with the national anthem aruba dushi tera uses what type of money?
who played none0 in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
people from the country that has the national anthem march on, bahamaland speak what languages?
what airport is closest to the vieux fort quarter?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has an airport that serves nijmegen?
what is the place where the tv show the night strangler was filmed that is located in seattle seattle?
what german speaking country that contains aarhus county?
the country that contains cherkasy oblast uses what type of currency?
who are the athletes in the country that has kenya8?
what united kingdom religions have saṃsãra as a belief?
who is the national anthem of the country that has none0 as its national anthem?
what team that won the super bowl iv championship did warren moon play for?
what is the holy book of the religion with notable figure zhang jue?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what is there to do in barcelona that was started after 1882?
what country that contains gansu speaks tibetan?
what school with a mascot named griffin did helen keller go to?
the country that contains saint ann parish uses what type of currency?
what countries does the niger river flow through?
what language is spoken in the country where the bride with white hair was filmed?
who influenced the architect who designed casa vicens?
who was the first president of france?
what person with strabismus influenced whitman whitman?
what team that won super bowl vii did reggie bush play for?
what years did the team with the mascot hooper win the championship?
where is the giza Necropolis located that contains the cairo governorate?
where did the architect who designed poplar forest die?
what person with smallpox influenced whitman whitman?
what is the official language of the country with national anthem jamaica, land we love?
what german speaking country uses the danish krone as currency?
what australian religion has lumbini as a sacred site?
what country bordering bolivia that has the eastern catholic churches?
what major religion in canada believes in the virgin birth of jesus?
what country where the tv show the bride with white hair was filmed speaks tibetan?
what team with mascot named t.d. did reggie bush play for?
people from the country that has the national anthem of chile speak what languages?
where does kaka live in the utc−03:00:00 time zone?
who is the governor of the location that appointed jeb bush to a governmental position?
what us state with nashville as its capital did the battle of shiloh take place?
who was the president of france after none2?
where is the country with bursa as its capital?
who is the president of european unionropean parliament 2011?
what languages are spoken in the country that produces retsina wine?
which of the maryland senators held his governmental position earliest?
what are the basic beliefs of the sharia belief?
what team owned by jimmy buffett did reggie bush play for?
what country speaks arabic language in the eastern time zone?
what languages are spoken in the country where fruit and tree nut farming is a major export?
what two major religions in canada follow the religious text of the book of nehemiah?
what currency is used in the country where nama language is spoken?
what country does bolivia border that has the senate of chile?
what sports team founded after 1908 does ronaldinho play for?
on what continent is the country that brews belize brewing co. belikin beer located?
what currency is used in the country where jamaican english is spoken?
what amusement park in sydney has the big dipper ride?
what is the occupation of the subject of the film `` a star named ayrton senna ''?
what is the official language of the country where harbin beer is made?
who did elizabeth taylor marriage?
who did elizabeth taylor marriage?
what movie with a prequel named another cinderella story did lucy haale play in?
what did the actor who played in the movie `` limp bizkit : rock in the park 2001 '' do?
which of william shakespeare's inspirations died in constanãa?
of the founders of the afl, which died most recently?
which of the harry potter movies was released first?
which of the harry potter movies was released first?
what influenced william shakespeare to become a writer?
what location of the university of south carolina has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after none2?
who is the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness?
what arabic language speaking countries have a country code greater than 968?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper `` staten island reserve '' is circulated?
what country does the government of egypt export to?
what is the latest structure to open in salt lake city?
what languages are spoken in the country that has a governmental body called the parliament of finland?
who served as vice president under the author of the audacity of hope?
who are the members of the band that was nominated for an award for burnin'up?
what movie directed by tom vaughan did miley cyrus play in?
who plays emma frost in jones?
where does the actor who played in the film `` stockwell '' live?
what team founded after none0 did didier drogba play for?
what language is spoken in the country that makes desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer?
who is robert downey jr. wife?
what kind of guitar does the composer of sands theme play?
when was abraham lincoln sworn into office?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where wu xiaoling holds office?
who influenced whitman and was influenced by adam mickiewicz?
what is the county in which the newspaper scotland news & review is circulated?
what movie with a sequel named garfield : a tail of two kitties did alyson stoner play in?
what is the latest film that lucy hale has been in?
when was abraham lincoln inauguration?
what is the most recently founded organization that Rupert murdoch owns?
what time zone is the jurisdiction that has the position title of missouri attorney general in?
who was the president of france in 2012?
where is littleton located that has the secretary of state of colorado?
what is there to do in seattle washington?
who are the members of the image jonas brothers0?
what killed the actor who played rachel marron?
what is the birthplace of the actor who played in the movie `` elvis presley : live from here ''?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position prime minister of hungary?
who is the president of the country where santa fe beer factory luna llena beer is made?
what language is spoken in the area where the newspaper akher saa is circulated?
what language is spoken in the jurisdiction that has a governmental body called china0 of the people's republic of china?
who is ellen bernstein?
what language is spoken in chile and is also spoken on sesame street?
what is the earliest structure to open in sydney?
what is the earliest founded sports team did didier drogba play for?
what is the currency of the country where the swedish riksdaler is used?
where did the actor who played in the film `` roger moore0 '' live?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` the last leprechaun '' takes place?
which person who said `` o brave new world, that has such people in't! '' influenced arthur miller?
what team does the actor who played in the film `` golden shoes '' play for?
what type of art does the school of athens have?
what movie did lucy hale play in that mae whitman played in?
what is the capital of the country where brasseries de maroc casablanca beer is made?
what arabic language speaking country was ruled by hamad bin khalifa al thani?
what language spoken in guyana is also found in the fictional universe the tortall universe?
what major religion in canada was founded by huldrych zwingli?
what movie did liam hemsworth play in that was cast by catherine ircha?
in what county does jerry t. belton hold office?
what religion is practiced in the text of the quran?
where did bob dylan live that is the birthplace of nathan o. kaplan?
which amusement park in florida held the 2010 united states senate election?
what language do navajo indians speak that is also found in the fictional universe the tortall universe?
what is the name of the chowchilla city council member?
who influenced arthur miller?
what tv shows did joey lawrence star in that had fewer than 6 seasons?
which republican party member was marriage to elizabeth taylor?
what country speaks both loch and nord language?
what is there to do in the location where the movie `` catching trouble '' takes place?
what did charles darwin write about?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of reference news?
what currency is used in the circulation area of the daily nation newspaper?
what is there to do in the government and politics of seattle?
which university attended by theodor schwann has the smallest number of postgraduates?
what is the time zone of the governmental jurisdiction where david m. louie holds office?
who appointed walt whitman to his governmental position the earliest?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country produces pilsner beer?
which member of the lincoln party influenced whitman whitman?
which of the schools attended by helen keller was founded after 1869?
which person who influenced roy lichtenstein died most recently?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where zine el abidine ben ali holds office?
what is the capital of the location where the movie `` kundun '' takes place?
what is the title of the chief justice of the united states?
what movie did lucy hale play in that had costumes designed by lesley beale?
who was the first president of the country where gull dong originated?
what country ruled by george iii of the united kingdom speaks welsh?
what is the earliest founded sports team that cristiano ronaldo played for?
what county does the mayor of minneapolis represent?
what is the currency of the government of puerto rico?
where is the university of south carolina located with an official symbol of spotted salamander?
on what continent would you find the country that has a governmental body called the danish parliament?
who is the current president of china?
who played kirk?
who does liv tyler play in lord of the rings?
what is there to do in sydney with the street address bennelong point?
what liam hemsworth movie was released in buenos aires?
who plays jason morgan on general hospital?
who is the governor of the government of tennessee?
what is the ethnicity of the actor who played in arwin!?
what movie with music by brian tyler did liam hemsworth play in?
what language is spoken in the country where macedonian thrace brewery vergina premium lager beer is made?
what country is a member of north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) and spoke about vena vena?
what is the official language of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhujiang beer is made?
where did the film stand by me take place?
where did laura ingalls wilder live in the united states of america?
who was buried in westminster abbey and influenced william shakespeare?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where zeng peiyan holds office?
what country does bolivia border that has py as its internet top level domain?
what type of music does the subject of the film `` michael jackson's this is it '' sing?
what currency is used in the country where kenya breweries Tusker premium lager beer is made?
what is the currency of the country with the coat of arms of south africa?
what is the currency of the country with the coat of arms of south africa?
who influenced arthur miller and was influenced by lucian?
what is the title of the head judge of the court where there is a chief justice of the united states?
who does avril lavigne play in over the hedge?
what time zone is the area where the gambit newspaper is circulated?
what countries speak arabic language and were involved in the military conflict of the six-day war?
where does the subject of the film `` i'm not there '' live?
what country has an official symbol of an animal and is home to midlothian?
who was john f. kennedy to?
what football team with a free safety on its roster did reggie bush play for?
what currency is used in the country where jã¤mtlands bryggeri hell beer is made?
who played darth vader in the film with the image `` star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ''?
what country has an official symbol of unicorn and is home to midlothian?
what movie did lucy hale play in that had costumes designed by debra mcguire?
who is robert downey jr. wife?
what country speaks arabic language and was the birthplace of the fictional character pwt?
what country has a floral emblem and is home to midlothian?
who influenced andy warhol?
who does the uk trade with?
what character did julie andrews play in shrek?
where did the actor who played in high school phenoms grow up?
who influenced whitman to become a writer?
what city did the author of `` the prince '' live in?
what state with the earliest adapted governmental jurisdiction location symbol does the illinois river flow through?
where did sam shepard live that was the setting of the film `` fargo? ``?
who is the president of the country where seraiki language is spoken?
where is the giza Necropolis located, where the siwi language is spoken?
who are the famous athletes in the circulation area of the newspaper kenya0?
what german speaking country has rusyn as a spoken language?
what language spoken in indonesia is also found in the fictional universe buffyverse?
what sports team founded after 1902 did cristiano ronaldo play for?
what type of art did the person who said `` a good picture is equivalent to a good deed '' do?
what countries border the country where the bolivian peso is used?
what did the subject of the film you don't know jack do?
what is jonathan swift famous for?
what movie cast by denise chamian did miley cyrus play in?
what language is mainly spoken in great britain but also in the bahamas?
what currency is used in the country with the coat of arms of mexico?
what did the subject of the film `` albert einstein2 '' do?
who is the current president of france?
who influenced antoni gaudí and died after october 17, 1879?
where did the person who said `` eat to please thyself, but dress to please others? `` go to school?
what type of government does the country where el gouna beverage co. sakara gold beer is made have?
what type of government does the place where the dogo argentino breed originated have?
what country did james cook come from that was ruled by george iii of the united kingdom?
what state does the illinois river flow through?
what other movies has the actor who played liam hemsworth6 been in?
what state was the subject of the film `` ronald reagan '' governor?
which influencer of arthur miller was buried in vår frelsers gravlund?
what sports team based in london does santi cazorla play for?
what is the capital of the place where the movie `` mary mother of christ '' takes place?
what language is spoken in the country where the newspaper `` guyana0 '' is circulated?
where did the subject of the film `` the miracle worker '' go to school?
what type of music does the subject of the movie `` gone too soon '' sing?
what movie produced by brad lewis did alyson stoner play in?
who is the vice president of the author of dreams from my father?
what school attended by caroline kennedy was founded after none2?
what team does ronaldinho play for that plays in the arena stadium estã¡dio do maracanã?
which of the people who influenced andy warhol died first?
what board game did rihanna play in that was nominated for an award with the description `` battleship ''?
what did james dean do?
who did elizabeth taylor marriage?
what german speaking countries have a country calling code greater than 357?
what is the official language of the governmental body called state administration of foreign exchange?
what children's literature books did suzanne collins write?
what language is spoken in the area where the newspaper fordulat circulates?
what movies does the actor who played the character alyson stoner0 play in?
what language is spoken in the place where the scottish fold originated?
what is the official symbol of the state that has the missouri house of representatives?
who are the athletes in the country that has a governmental office holder named emmanuel kipchirchir Mutai8?
what currency is used in the country where cerveceria bucanero mayabe beer is made?
who influenced the author who published editions for leaves of lawn?
what type of government is used in both japan and the birthplace of baldur von schirach?
what did the actor who played in the film donna summer : live and more encore die of?
what is the earliest structure to open in seattle seattle?
what is there to do in seattle seattle with the street address of 325 fifth ave. n?
who did the author of `` the last of the really great whistles '' play in shrek?
which of the harry potter movies was cast by mary selway?
what influencer of confucius wrote the zhuangzi text?
what type of government did sparta have that was featured in i, the sun?
in what county is the newspaper the scotland union circulated?
what continent is the governmental jurisdiction that has the danish ministry of foreign affairs located in?
what is the country where harbin beer is made that speaks tibetan?
what currency is used in the country where meã¤nkieli is spoken?
what is the government of missouri?
what is the subject of the taoism0 text?
what country does the chausie breed originate from that exports to sudan?
what movie with cinematography by peter deming did lucy hale play in?
what state with the earliest adapted symbol did the battle of shiloh take place?
what is the latest film that rihanna has been in?
what was the cause of death of adolf hitler's mother?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where chiang kai-shek holds office?
where does the author of `` the Definitive bob dylan songbook '' live?
who is marriage to the artist nominated for a love song for bobby long?
what language spoken in japan is also found in the fictional universe buffyverse?
on what continent is the newspaper berlingske circulated?
what is the name of the sequel to harry potter and the deathly hallows - part i?
what countries does gebel elba export to?
who inspired the actor who played in the film tarzan and jane regained?
when did the sports team that plays at the palace of auburn hills win the championship?
what is the name of the train station in the location where the film `` tales of the city '' takes place?
which of john f. kennedy's wives was buried in westwood village memorial park cemetery?
when was the inauguration of the subject of the film young abraham lincoln?
what liam hemsworth movie was released to blu-ray disc?
which influencer of frank stella influenced roy lichtenstein?
what state has a stegosaurus as an official symbol and is home to littleton?
what position does the artist nominated for awards for `` it takes a village '' hold?
what is jack london famous for?
what miley cyrus movie has costumes designed by patricia field?
where does the artist nominated for `` sam shepard0 '' live?
who were adolf hitler's parents?
what movie written by michael arndt did liam hemsworth play in?
who is the brother of the actor who played in the film `` angela & viril ''?
on what continent is the newspaper nyhedsavisen circulated?
what character does avril lavigne play in over the hedge?
which of miley cyrus'movies was released first?
what is the latest film that alyson stoner has been in?
what languages are spoken in the country where the government includes the position prime minister of finland?
what is the main train station in the location where the movie `` the emperor's new wardrobe '' takes place?
what german speaking country produces pilsner urquell beer?
what character does liv tyler play in lord of the rings?
what is barack obama famous for?
what is the state where the newspaper now is circulated?
what language spoken in japan is also found in the fictional universe the tortall universe?
who is the president of the country that has supreme court of pakistan?
what are the names of the harry potter movies in the family adventures genre?
what team did ronaldo play for that plays in santiago bernabã©u stadium?
which of john f. kennedy's wives practiced Pentecostalism?
what german speaking country has the largest country calling code?
what is the latest film that rihanna has been in?
where did bob dylan live that has a neighborhood named bryant, minneapolis?
what currency is used in the country where bgi lager beer is made?
who played leia organaa?
who assassinated the political appointer who had the title united states ambassador to lesotho?
what currency is used in the country that makes desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer?
what continent is the country that makes faxe premium beer located in?
what did the subject of the film `` young albert einstein '' do?
who plays emma frost in jones?
which of the harry potter movies was edited by richard francis-Bruce?
who influenced andy warhol to become an artist?
what is there to do in dubai that opened after 2008?
what movie edited by christopher greenbury did alyson stoner play in?
which of elizabeth taylor's husbands died most recently?
what type of art created by nicã©phore niã¨pce did salvador dalí produce?
where is littleton located that has a governmental office holder named clarence morley?
which university attended by theodor schwann has the smallest number of postgraduates?
what is there to do in florida with kids?
what language do both guyana and great britain speak?
what is the earliest structure to open on Staten island?
what is the earliest film that miley cyrus has been in?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in japan?
what city did niccolò machiavelli live in?
what kind of government does the country where rapa nui language is spoken have?
what is the earliest founded sports team that santi cazorla played for?
what form of government is used in the country with the coat of arms of russia?
what language do they speak in afghanistan?
what is the nationality of the author of dreams from my father?
who influenced whitman to become a member of the house of representatives?
where does héctor camacho live with hell's kitchen?
on what continent is the governmental body israeli ministry of defense located?
what characters does the actor who plays tom tucker play in family guy?
what is the nationality of the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness?
who played chucky in child's play?
what is there to do in salt lake city california?
what did the subject of the film king : a filmed record... montgomery to memphis do?
what are some fun things to do in florida that were held in 2010?
what is there to do in seattle seattle?
what movie starring rihanna that was released to blu-ray disc?
what currency is used in the country where obolon zhigul beer is made?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
what language do chilean people speak?
who played leia organaa?
what is the birthplace of the actor who played rusty wells?
what currency is used in the country where the boerboel breed originated?
what is the text of taoism that was written by laozi?
what movie has lucy hale been in that has cinematography done by kat graham?
what did martin luther king, jr. jr do?
where did laura ingalls wilder live that has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted earliest?
where does the subject of the image `` joey king '' live?
what school did the person who said `` nothing pains some people more than having to think '' attend?
what is nicolas cage son name?
what type of cancer did the artist who was nominated for gardens of the world with audrey hepburn die of?
what state has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted last?
on what continent is the second level division cartago located?
what movie written by ann brashares did lucy hale play in?
what german speaking country did alexander mintz speak about?
what team with a free safety on its roster did warren moon play for?
what character does jemaine clement play in despicable me?
where is the giza Necropolis located that exports to sudan?
what is the latest structure to open in manchester, uk?
what language spoken in the bahamas is also found in the fictional universe the tortall universe?
what is the official language of the government of hungary?
what is the government of the state that held the united states senate special election in missouri in 2002?
who is the governor of the location where the movie `` catching trouble '' takes place?
where did the author of `` bob dylan6 '' live before he died?
who is the voice of stewie griffin on the program with the family guy theme song?
what time zone has the official symbol of three-toed box turtle?
who is the president of france in 2011 of the political party rally for the republic?
what continent is the country that makes maccabee beer located in?
where does the subject of the image `` joey king live? `` live?
what movie did miley cyrus play in that was cast by catherine ircha?
what sports team that plays at stamford bridge did didier drogba play for?
who influenced william shakespeare and died from exsanguination?
where did the battle of shiloh take place where the currency is the united states dollar?
who was richard burton marriage to?
what country with the largest army is home to giza Necropolis?
what is the oldest sports team in canada?
what type of cancer did the artist nominated for awards for `` hot things '' have?
what language spoken in australia is also found in the fictional universe the tortall universe?
what movie directed by catherine ircha did lucy hale play in?
who was the person who said `` seriously, i do not think i fit for the presidency '' and influenced whit Whitman?
what movie written by frank bunker gilbreth, jr. did alyson stoner play in?
what language do they speak in finland?
in what time zone is the strathmore ( d.j. murray ) airport located?
what tv shows did joey lawrence star in that have fewer than 60 episodes?
what movies released after october 27, 2009 has liam hemsworth played in?
where was napoleon bonaparte buried?
what type of government does the location that appointed augusto Pinochet have?
what is there to do in manchester, uk that is located in exchange square?
what school did the actor who played hang rope attend?
what team that plays in santiago bernabã©u stadium did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
what is the political system where the chausie breed originated?
what currency is used in the country where the kenya shilling is used?
what language spoken in the united kingdom is also found in the fictional universe the tortall universe?
where does the subject of the image `` liz mcclarnon live? ``?
what currency is used in the area containing the second level division la uniã³n?
what form of government is used in the circulation area of the newspaper zhivoye dyelo?
what is jonathan swift famous for?
what south african province is home to johannesburg?
what is the name of the organization that Rupert murdoch owns that has radio station fox news talk?
who is the president of the government of pakistan?
what is the earliest founded organization that Rupert murdoch owns?
what is the state where the movie `` saw v '' takes place?
what miley cyrus movie had cinematography done by philip rousselot?
what are the sights to see in the district represented by gobierno de la comunidad de madrid?
which of the maryland senators ended their government position earliest?
what countries does the government of bolivia share borders with?
what is the nationality of the person who said `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool. ``?
what fantasy movie did lucy hale play in?
what movie did lucy hale play in that was cast by catherine ircha?
where is littleton, colorado located?
what country did the person who said `` he speaks to me as if i was a public meeting '' represent?
what timezone is the state that held the united states senate election in missouri in 1994?
where does the artist nominated for an award in atlanta live?
on what continent is the location where the film `` the carbon collective '' takes place?
what language is spoken in the location where the movie `` noi the albino '' takes place?
what type of cancer did the actor who played in the film donna summer : live and more encore die of?
what is the official language of the country where hungarian sign language is spoken?
what is there to do in the location where the movie `` singles '' takes place?
where did the author of `` poor richard's almanac of 1735 '' live?
what is the mascot of the university with mr. wong as a grad student?
what country did the subject of the film `` sixty glorious years '' rule?
what movie edited by george folsey, jr. did alyson stoner play in?
what band was nominated for an award with nigel pulsford8?
what movie directed by james hayman did lucy hale play in?
what is the state motto of the state that held the united states senate election in kentucky in 2008?
what are the names of the harry potter movies produced by lorne orleans?
what peer of fredrich hölderlin influenced whitman whitman?
where did the author of two new sciences go to school?
what movie decorated by nancy haigh did miley cyrus play in?
where is the giza Necropolis and the home of the fictional character tutankhamun?
which of the harry potter movies was directed by simon lamont?
what character did the artist nominated for an award for gentlemen broncos play in despicable me?
what type of government does the location where the film `` la hora de la siesta '' takes place have?
what type of art does the school of athens have?
what polynesian languages do chilean people speak?
what type of art did the person who said `` the best way to know god is to love many things '' do?
what country exports to germany and contains midlothian?
who was the father of the subject of the film `` the private lives of elizabeth and essex ''?
which arabic language speaking country has the largest country calling code?
what team does the subject of the film `` cristiano ronaldo0 '' play for?
what was the author of galileo galilei2 famous for?
what movie with costumes designed by colleen atwood did miley cyrus play in?
who is robert downey jr. wife?
what is there to do in dubai that opened after 2008?
where did the actor who played the character holsworthy live?
on what continent is the old israeli shekel used?
what team that plays in türk telekom arena did didier drogba play for?
which founder of the afl died in dallas?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country produces grolsch blonde beer?
where is the location of the film `` the bang bang club ''?
what movie with music by john debney did alyson stoner play in?
what is the official language of the country where red stripe beer is made?
where is littleton located in the united states of america?
who wrote oedipus at colonus and influenced arthur miller?
who influenced whitman?
what german speaking country exports to angola?
what major religion in canada was founded by john calvin?
what currency is used in the country where the mexican hairless dog originated?
who is the governor of the area where the brownlow's whistig newspaper is circulated?
what type of government does canada and baldur von schirach have?
where is the giza Necropolis located that has a governmental body called the house of representatives?
who influenced whitman and was influenced by william godwin?
what language family does finland speak?
what is the capital of the country where the sloughi breed originated?
what type of art did the subject of the film `` vincent van gogh '' do?
what does ellen dow do?
what is nicolas cage son name?
which country bordering bolivia has an army greater than 754000?
what did the actor who played in scragg 'n'bones do?
which university attended by theodor schwann has the smallest number of undergraduates?
what are the names of the harry potter movies produced by j. k. howard?
what team did the actor who played in the film nfl : super bowl xxxix play for?
what time zone is the governmental body called the missouri house of representatives located in?
what movie directed by tim johnson did rihanna appear in?
what year did the detroit pistons win the championship with a score of 4-0?
what countries does the country where the pauserna language is spoken border?
what language is spoken in the area where the newspaper aurora de chile is circulated?
who influenced whitman?
what continent is the country where faroese is spoken located?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where there is a governmental body called puerto rico cabinet?
what cartoon pornography movie did rihanna star in?
what language is spoken in the location where the movie `` speed 2 : cruise control '' takes place?
which social democratic federation member influenced antoni gaudí?
which country bordering bolivia has the smallest army?
which of liam hemsworth's films was released first?
where did the actor who played the character holsworthy live?
what is the official language of the country where tibetan is spoken?
which school attended by caroline kennedy has the smallest number of postgraduates?
what is the most recently founded sports team that ronaldo played for?
who influenced arthur miller and was the subject of the movie `` shakespeare in love? ``?
what languages are spoken in the country where the egyptian mau breed originated?
where is the home of the artist nominated for awards for `` none0 ''?
on what continent is the location where the film `` defamation '' takes place?
which university attended by theodor schwann has the smallest number of postgraduates?
what movie did lucy hale play in that was edited by anthony kennedy?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` princess protection program '' takes place?
what is nicolas cage son name?
what shows does joey lawrence play in?
what countries does the country where none0 beer is made border?
what position did the actor who played the character governor of california hold?
what team does the subject of the image chris paul.png play for?
which country that has the smallest country calling code does the niger river flow through?
what movies did miley cyrus play in that were produced by walt disney pictures?
what movie did lucy hale play in that was also a crew member of michael kennedy's?
what language is spoken in the location where the movie `` starting over '' takes place?
who is the current president of the country where harbin beer is made?
who influenced william shakespeare to write poetry?
where did the person who said `` college isn't the place to go for ideas '' go to school?
what is the occupation of the actor who played cal trask?
what state has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after colorado0?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
what team founded after 1967 did reggie bush play for?
what was f. scott fitzgerald famous for?
what native american language is found in the fictional universe buffyverse?
what movie written by evan goldberg did rihanna appear in?
who influenced roy lichtenstein and influenced john ashbery?
what liam hemsworth movie was directed by alex proyas?
who does the uk trade with?
what movie produced bychip rosenbloom did alyson stoner play in?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position prime minister of tunisia?
who played leia organaa in star wars?
what movie produced by jay baruchel did rihanna play in?
what form of government is used in the country where domari language is spoken?
where is the location of the movie district 9?
what movies released after october 24, 2006 did alyson stoner play in?
what type of cancer did the actor who played nicole sims die of?
what movie with music by john debney did miley cyrus play in?
who does the composer of sk8ter boi play in over the hedge?
who is the governor of the state with the tennessee department of agriculture?
which country bordering bolivia has the largest country calling code?
what is the occupation of the subject of the film `` senna ''?
what are the names of the harry potter movies directed by mike newell?
what language is spoken in the country where dreher classic beer is made?
what state was the governor of the subject of the film `` recognition of the japanese zero fighter ''?
what arabic language speaking country that speaks Azerbaijani language?
what type of government does malaysia and bulovia have?
where did joey king live that was the birthplace of john sciarra?
what type of art does the actor from as far as love can go produce?
where is the birthplace of the artist nominated for laundry service?
what currency is used in the country that has the senate of puerto rico?
which cleveland browns quarterback had the smallest passing attempts?
what does ellen dow do?
which of the countries that the niger river flows through has the smallest army?
who is a member of bush and what does gavin rossdale do?
what country speaks domari language and exports to sudan?
what currency is used in the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is made?
what is the most recently released film that lucy hale played in?
which member of the jonas brothers started his/her relationship first?
what disease does joan crawford have?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the molossus breed?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper `` the Stranger '' is circulated?
what is the nationality of the subject of the film `` on the trail of bin liden ''?
what movie did rihanna play in that was decorated by lesley beale?
what type of government does the government of egypt have?
what language is mainly spoken in great britain but also in japan?
what disease does the artist nominated for awards for `` hungover '' have?
what school attended by theodor schwann has the latest founding date?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` the quarry '' takes place?
what form of government is used in the place where the azawakh breed originated?
in what county does jim kopshever hold office?
what time zone is near tulsa international airport?
what peer of horace inspired william shakespeare to write poetry?
what was the occupation of the person who said `` suspense is worse than disappointment? ``?
what liam hemsworth movie was directed by anthony kennedy?
what currency is used in the country that has a government office holder named Raila odinga?
what is there to do in the location where the movie `` madrid0 '' takes place?
who plays the mother of the fictional character none0?
what are the names of the harry potter movies written by michael goldenberg?
what is there to do in the location where the film `` salt lake city public library0 '' takes place?
what countries does the country where none0 is spoken border?
which of miley cyrus'movies was released most recently?
where does the actor who played in the film `` jack Fate '' live?
what german speaking country has the sotho language as an official language?
where is the giza Necropolis located?
who is the current president of the circulation area of reference news?
what languages are spoken in the location where the movie `` holiday in the sun '' takes place?
where did the person who said `` seriously, i do not think i fit for the presidency '' die?
which member of the church of england influenced arthur miller?
what structure in manchester, north carolina opened earliest?
what peer of edward burne-jones influenced antoni gaudí?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has an acting prime minister?
who is marriage to scarlett johansson?
what arabic language speaking country is the birthplace of the fictional character sayid jarrah?
what currency is used in the country where south african english is spoken?
what tv show with the smallest number of seasons did joey lawrence star in?
what is the state motto of the state that held the united states senate election in kentucky in 2010?
what currency is used in the place where the breed sokoke originated?
what form of government is used in both brazil and russia?
what language do they speak in afghanistan?
what arabic language speaking country is the setting of jojo's bizarre adventure?
what kind of guitar does the actor who was in legal entanglement in new york play?
who is the president of the country with the coat of arms of mexico?
which arabic language speaking country has the largest country calling code?
who is the current president of the country where harbin beer is made?
who is the vice president of the person who said `` yes we can! ``?
what exhibition venue in manchester, north carolina opened after 06-21-2008?
what is the text of zhuangzi that influenced liang qichao?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where the president of hungary holds office?
what is the official language of the country with chairman of the communist party of china?
what country does the egyptian mau breed originate from export to?
what is the name of the president of the country where felipe calderón beer is made?
what language do navajo indians speak that is mainly spoken in republic of ireland?
what currency is used in the country where gilroy favourite beer is made?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` vietnam, long time coming '' takes place?
who was john f. kennedy dating?
which secretary of state influenced whitman to become a writer?
what is there to do in the place where the movie `` seattle great wheel0 '' takes place?
who are the athletes in the country where the kenya8 is used?
what venue in seattle wa opened after seattle art museum0?
which cleveland browns quarterback had the largest passing attempts?
what organization owned by news corporation did rupert murdoch own?
who appointed walt whitman to his governmental position the earliest?
what miley cyrus movie was edited by chris lebenzon?
what miley cyrus movie was edited by chris lebenzon?
what are the names of the harry potter movies produced by warner brod. entertainment?
who is the brother of the artist nominated for an award for `` angelina jolie0 ''?
who is robert downey jr. wife?
what is the nationality of the author of the audacity of hope?
what is the nationality of the author of the audacity of hope?
what is kentucky state motto?
what languages are spoken in the place where the schipperke breed originated?
what county does kevin johnson represent?
what is the official language of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhujiang beer is made?
what language is spoken in the country with an official symbol of thistle?
which of john f. kennedy's wives practiced judaism?
what liam hemsworth movie had music by aaron zigman?
in what time zone is the strathmore ( d.j. murray ) airport located?
who is the vice president of the person who said `` yes we can! ``?
what type of government does the country where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is made have?
where was napoleon bonaparte buried?
what tv show with the smallest number of episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what type of government is used in both japan and the kingdom of prussia?
which amusement park in florida was affected by the 1848 great gale?
what movie starring emma watson did rihanna star in?
on what continent is the governmental body named knesset located?
what team did santi cazorla play for that also had thierry henry on its team roster?
what is there to do in sydney that was opened after none2?
what country did john paul jones serve in that was featured in the work Continental navies?
what movie did rihanna play in that was cast by kat graham?
what airport is closest to the george f. l. charles airport?
who was caesar augustus who appointed constantine XI palaiologos to a governmental position?
where does the actor who played in the film `` fort sheridan '' live?
what position does the author of `` history viva '' hold?
where did bob dylan live that was the birthplace of larry fitzgerald?
what arabic language speaking country contains the second level division zonguldak province?
what did the artist nominated for awards for `` hot things '' die of?
what team does santi cazorla play for that plays in emirates stadium?
where did laura ingalls wilder live that adapted its governmental jurisdiction location symbol after none2?
what movies does the person who said `` pink is just a color, it's an attitude! '' play in?
who influenced the person who wrote `` dirge for two veterans ''?
what is the earliest established park to see in salt lake city?
what did abrahamic religions believe in?
which of the harry potter movies was released first?
what currency is used in the circulation area of the newspaper zhivoye dyelo?
who plays peter griffin in family guy?
what is the name of the harry potter film series prequel?
what type of government does sparta have that has coimbra as its capital?
what structure that opened after none0 can be visited in staten island?
what is the earliest exhibition venue to open in madrid?
what type of art does the person who said `` have no fear of perfection - you 'll never reach it '' produce?
what athlete was drafted by the cleveland browns?
what is the time zone of the location where the movie `` girls! girls! boys! girls '' takes place?
what german speaking country has the largest country calling code?
what book was written by charles darwin and michael behe?
which member of the lincoln0 party influenced whitman whitman?
what location of the university of south carolina has the earliest adapted governmental jurisdiction location symbol?
who was the president of france before nicolas sarkozy0?
what taoism text is in the chinese classics genre?
what is the name of the governmental body that includes the missouri house of representatives?
who was the first president of france?
what is the oldest sports team in canada?
who is the current president of china?
who is angelina jolie brother?
what were adolf hitler's parents names?
where did laura ingalls wilder live that uses the united states dollar?
what psychiatrist '' -g influenced georg Wilhelm fredrich Hegel?
what countries does the place where the double-nosed andean tiger hound originated border?
who influenced william shakespeare and died from poisoning?
what form of government is used in the country with government officer named yury chaika?
where does héctor camacho live that contains the baxter building?
where is the university of south carolina located in richland county?
what instrument invented by adolphe Sax did béla fleck and the flecktones play?
what stop motion movie did rihanna star in?
what country with the largest army is home to giza Necropolis?
what currency is used in the country where the drever breed originated?
what team founded after marchthur moon0 did warren moon play for?
which influencer of walt whitman was buried in cimetière parisien de bagneux?
what movie did lucy hale play in that is in spanish?
what is the currency of the country with the president of cuba?
on what continent is the country where the greenlandic language is spoken?
what country has an official symbol north to the future?
what liam hemsworth movie was decorated by james edward ferrell jr.?
what united kingdom religion was founded by gurunak dev?
where does héctor camacho live that has an inwood neighborhood?
what did the political appointer with the title commander in chief of home forces die of?
what children's literature did suzanne collins write?
what type of art did salvador dalí do?
which amusement park in seattle has the smallest number of floors?
what arabic language speaking country has berber as an official language?
what time zone is the area where the newspaper the times-picayune is circulated?
what is the name of the main train station in the place where the government of san francisco is located?
who influenced whitman to become a politician and ended his/her government position earliest?
what type of art did the subject of the film `` vincent van gogh : painted with words '' do?
what kind of government does the supreme court of chile have?
who is the current president of france?
what year did the houston rockets win their first championship?
what year did the houston rockets win their first championship?
who was marriage to the actor who played in around the world in 80 days?
what language is spoken in the place where the supreme court of chile is located?
what form of government is used in the country where the fijian language is spoken?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper dubai0 is circulated?
where was the subject of the film `` bonaparte and the revolution '' buried?
what movie directed by wes craven did lucy hale play in?
who is the governor of the state with an official symbol of protographium marcellus?
what movie is in spanish and features alyson stoner?
what is the most recent film released that rihanna has been in?
what is the name of san francisco board of supervisors?
who appointed walt whitman to his governmental position the earliest?
what is there to do in the area where the emirates business 24/7 newspaper is circulated?
what german speaking country has an internet top level domain of ch?
what is the currency of the federal government of mexico?
where does the sports team that plays in pitt stadium play?
what language do the bahamas speak?
what is the official language of the country where saami, north language is spoken?
what is the venue in sydney with the smallest capacity?
what language is spoken in the country with an official symbol of a unicorn?
where does the sports team that plays in three rivers stadium play?
what was laura ingalls wilder famous for?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` into the arms of strangers : stories of the kindertransport '' takes place?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` iris '' takes place?
what is there to do in florida with kids?
what is there to do in the area where the phnom penh post is circulated?
what office does the author of `` living history '' hold?
what is the earliest exhibition venue to open in sydney?
what is the latest film that lucy hale has been in?
what type of music does the actor who played in the film `` wiz on down the road '' sing?
where did adam smith grow up?
what character did the artist nominated for julie andrews : Broadway : the music of richard rodgers play in shrek?
what is the latest movie liam hemsworth has been in?
where is the giza Necropolis located that produces al a sakara king beer?
which arabic language speaking country has the largest country calling code?
where is the university of south carolina and the eau claire neighborhood?
what country does joey king live in?
where is the country where kriol is spoken?
what did albert einstein do?
which of tom brady's sports teams was founded first?
in what country is the Sporting neighborhood located?
which influencer of walt whitman died first?
who is the governor of the state with an official symbol of agriculture and commerce?
where did the person who said `` seriously, i do not think i fit for the presidency '' die?
who plays jason morgan on the tv program with the theme song steve burton?
who played james t. kirk?
what miley cyrus movie was production designed by nelson coates?
on what continent is the location that appointed dean barrow to governmental position located?
what currency is used in the country where the politics of sweden is located?
what does the artist nominated for awards for let's move! do?
what miley cyrus movie was filmed in new york city?
what is the name of the governmental jurisdiction where the three-toed box turtle is an official symbol?
who is the current president of the circulation area of legal daily?
who does the actor who played the character tom brady0 play for?
what character does liv tyler play in lord of the rings?
which of antoni gaudí's inspirations died first?
which of elizabeth taylor's husbands died in chichester?
what miley cyrus movie was directed by scott meehan?
what miley cyrus movie was directed by scott meehan?
what movie directed by andrew max cahn did lucy hale play in?
what state was ronald reagan governor?
what is the text of jorge luis borges that influenced taoism?
what is the earliest film that alyson stoner has been in?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country contains harlingen, friesland?
what to do in madrid?
what children's literature work did suzanne collins write?
what is the latest structure to open in seattle seattle?
what rihanna movie had rick stratton as a crew member?
what form of government is used in the country where the malian franc is used?
what is the state where the movie `` shoot 'em up '' takes place?
when was abraham lincoln inaugurated?
what is the latest sports team tom brady played for?
where is the government of costa rica located?
what type of government did sparta and philip iii of sparta have?
what kind of music does the producer of sometimes late at night play?
what is the capital of the country where berber is spoken?
what is the earliest established park to see in salt lake city?
who was marriage to the famous person who died in berkeley?
what are the names of the harry potter movies produced by david wellman?
which peer of elizabeth smithal influenced antoni gaudí?
who influenced whitman to become a politician and ended his/her government position after abraham lincoln0?
what type of government does dominica have?
what state with the earliest adapted symbol did the battle of shiloh take place?
who plays meg in the tv program with the family guy theme song?
where does the body of water under murray baker bridge flow?
which influencer of andy warhol was buried in westwood village memorial park cemetery?
where does the river that flows through songo, mozambique begin?
who was marriage to elizabeth taylor?
what college did the speaker at the march on washington for jobs and freedom attend?
where does the river that flows through the city of bamako flow?
what language is spoken in the place where the mudi breed originated?
who inspired the person who said `` i am a deeply superficial person ''?
what character does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what team did didier drogba play for in istanbul?
what is the zip code for the location where the movie `` battle hymn '' takes place?
what language do egyptians speak?
who plays claire in the tv show with the theme song `` lost ''?
who played james t. kirk?
what is the nationality of the winner of the voice ( us ) - season 2?
what movie did alyson stoner play in that was production designed by alexander hammond?
what type of cancer did audrey hepburn die of?
who was born in colonus and influenced arthur miller?
what does the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness do?
what is the government of the state that held the united states senate election in missouri in 1994?
where does english come from?
what are the names of the harry potter movies in french?
where did the battle of shiloh take place that has an official state tree?
what languages are spoken in the country where the government of egypt is located?
where is the giza Necropolis located that was the site of the french revolutionary wars?
what state is the home of the fictional character fiona coyne?
where did pablo picasso '' -u live that was involved in the gulf war?
what movie edited by paul rubell did rihanna play in?
what is the nationality of the speaker in the 2012 state of the union address?
on what continent is the newspaper haaretz circulated?
what year did arsenal won the league?
what movie written by seth rogen did rihanna appear in?
what kind of guitar does the actor who played in the movie `` deep sea 3d '' play?
what does the public speaker who spoke about education reform do?
what is the official symbol of the state that has the missouri house of representatives?
what is the time zone of the district represented by john d. waihee iii?
what psychoanalyst influenced whitman?
what is the state motto of the place where the spotted bass is an official symbol?
what to do in the area where the dubai marina neighborhood is located?
what time zone is near tulsa international airport?
who is the governor of the state that held the 2010 florida gubernatorial election?
where did the author who published editions for laura ingalls wilder2 live?
what movie filmed in los angeles did miley cyrus star in?
who were adolf hitler's parents?
what occupation did albert einstein have that was featured in the prime of miss jean brodie?
what characters does the actor who plays tom tucker play in family guy?
where did the person who said `` seriously, i do not think i fit for the presidency '' die?
who is the president of france that was the subject of the film nicolas sarkozy?
what is the official language of the country where harbin beer is made?
where does the language kenosha come from?
who is the president of the country where Brahui language is spoken?
what language spoken in australia is also found in the fictional universe buffyverse?
what time zone is the state with an official state aquatic animal located in?
who is the wife of the author of `` edward fisher ''?
which exhibition venue in madrid opened most recently?
which music for chameleons author influenced andy warhol?
where is the san francisco 4th and king street station located?
what amusement park in madrid has the batman : la fuga ride?
who plays the character born in austin on family guy?
what is the state of ontario where the fictional universe regenesis takes place?
what type of government did the place where doric greek is spoken have?
where did the person who said `` seriously, i do not think i fit for the presidency '' die?
where is the second level division la uniã³n located?
who plays riley finn on buffy the vampire slayer?
what language is spoken in the country where cerveza colonos del llanquihue lager premium artesanal beer is made?
of the founders of the afl, which died most recently?
who was marriage to the author of antony and cleopatra?
what is there to do in the place where the fictional universe `` shameless '' takes place?
what country has an official symbol of picea sitchensis?
what major religion in canada has jesus christ as a deity?
what are the official colors of the team that plays at university of phoenix stadium?
who influenced walt whitman to become a politician?
what language is spoken in the area where the legal daily newspaper is circulated?
who influenced both walt whitman and jacques lacan?
what tourist attraction in manchester, north carolina is home to manchester united f.c.?
what jobs were held by the politician appointed to his position by continental congress?
what kind of music does michael jackson sing?
what currency is used in the place where the chihuahua breed originated?
who plays the character born in austin on family guy?
which member of the 1854 united states congress influenced whitman?
what language is spoken where the chilean escudo is used?
what currency is used in the country where tsonga language is spoken?
where did the political appointer with the title commander in chief of home forces die?
which player drafted by the cleveland browns completed more than 60 passes?
who inspired the actor who played in the film `` normal love ''?
what team did the football player purchased by real madrid c.f. play for in 2010?
what german speaking country has an official symbol of leo belgicus?
what language do the hopi indians speak?
what movies from the united states of america did lucy hale play in?
where did bob dylan live that was the location where the tv program `` tv episodes '' was filmed?
what currency is used in the country where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is made?
what did the person who wrote `` i dream 'd i lay where flow'rs were springing '' do?
what is the mascot of the university with joshua lyman as a grad student?
who influenced arthur miller?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` justine '' takes place?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
who played leia organaa?
who started the organization that acquired volvo cars?
when was the president who spoke about egalitarianism inaugurated?
who influenced whitman to write ivanhoe?
which cleveland cleveland browns quarterback had the largest passing attempts?
who plays saruman in the film with the soundtrack the lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring?
what is the latest member of the jonas brothers to have a romantic relationship?
what movies released after october 17, 2008 did miley cyrus play in?
what is the timezone where the american paddlefish is an official symbol?
what location of the university of south carolina has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after none2?
who played darth vader in the film with classic FM : star wars suite and other great film music?
what two major religions in canada have the holy spirit as a deity?
where does the body of water under dona ana bridge begin?
what movie written by melissa rivers did alyson stoner play in?
what movie written by melissa rivers did alyson stoner play in?
what was the cause of death of the actor who sang breakfast at tiffany's?
who is the president of france that has a governmental body called national assembly?
what was the subject of the film `` the love of robert burns '' famous for?
who was marriage to the actor who played in the film `` bUtterfield 8 ''?
which of the harry potter movies has richard harris been in?
which of john f. kennedy's wives wrote my story?
what tv show with the smallest number of episodes did joey lawrence star in?
what type of government does chile and brazil have?
which amusement park in seattle has the smallest number of floors?
what miami dolphins team did reggie bush play for?
who was the united states secretary of state who influenced whitman whitman?
what currency is used in the country with seal of the mexico as its coat of arms?
what movie released in germany did alyson stoner play in?
what currency is used in the area affected by cyclone tropical depression two-e?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the 15th cabinet of puerto rico is located?
what language family do english and aragonese languages belong to?
what country does the fictional character tutankhamun live in that exports to sudan?
who was marriage to the actor who played prince hamlet?
what was jonathan swift's most recent job?
what miami metropolitan area sports team did reggie bush play for?
what is there to do in the emirates hills neighborhood?
what movie edited by colby parker did rihanna play in?
what type of art did the visual artist who created the art series of butterflies belong to?
what language do greece speak that was spoken in the roman empire?
what killed the actor who played in whitney houston : a song for you : live?
what movie decorated by gary fettis did alyson stoner play in?
what year did the person sponsored by Covergirl win gold?
who plays peter griffin in family guy?
who plays jason morgan on general hospital?
what is there to do in the location where the film `` luna park sydney6 '' takes place?
what type of government did sparta and portugal have?
where does the actor who played in the film `` sam shepard0 '' live?
who started the visteon corporation?
which peer of robert rauschenberg influenced andy warhol?
who is marriage to the award nominated artist for `` theatre world award ''?
what is the birthplace of the athlete who competed in kenya0?
what killed the politician who was appointed to his/her government position by paul von hindenburg?
what taoism text was written by fu xi?
where did the film stand by me take place?
what tourist attraction in salt lake city has the largest number of annual visitors?
what is there to do in florida that has the supreme court?
what arabic language speaking country contains adana province?
what was caesar augustus known for?
what language is spoken in the home of the fictional character batman?
which of adolf hitler's parents died first?
when did the actor who played the character `` computer gek # 1 '' get drafted?
what type of music did the litigant in the trial of michael jackson sing?
who is the head coach of the team that plays in m & t bank stadium?
in the multipart episodes the Incident, who plays claire littleton?
what coming of age movie did alyson stoner play in?
what is the currency of the government of south africa?
who played in the film constant and is a member of the band bush?
what type of cancer did the actor who played in the film the best of donna summer : the DVD collection die of?
who is the current president of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhujiang beer is made?
who played darth vader in the film that jake lloyd was a crew member of?
what type of government does sparta have that has coimbra as its capital?
what movie about naval battle did rihanna star in?
of the sports teams for which reggie bush played, which team was founded first?
what was laura ingalls wilder famous for?
who was the first president of the afl?
what country that has an acting prime minister does the niger river flow through?
what amusement park in florida is owned by merlin entertainments?
who plays steffy on the show with the theme song `` the bold and the beautiful ''?
what form of government is used in the birthplace of the samoyed breed?
what language is spoken in the bahamas and kenosha?
on what continent is the seselwa creole language spoken?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the 16th cabinet of puerto rico is located?
who influenced the author of william shakespeare0?
what coming of age movie did alyson stoner play in?
who was the person william howard taft dedicated his work to that influenced whitman whitman?
what team did cristiano ronaldo play for that michael essien played for?
who played kirk and contributed to the story of none0?
which german speaking country has the smallest army?
what is the holy book of taoism0?
what form of government is used in the country where the chilean escudo is used?
what is the time zone of the state that held the united states senate election in hawaii in 2010?
who plays chucky in child's play?
what are the powers of the parent of samuel wilder?
who played dorothy in the movie that holly Bane was a crew member on?
what movie has alyson stoner been in that has a prequel step up 2 : the street?
what team did the football player purchased by real madrid c.f. play for in 2010?
what type of cancer did audrey hepburn die of?
what languages are spoken where abasi is used as currency?
what english language movies has miley cyrus been in?
what movie with a character named cynthia nixon did miley cyrus star in?
who played leia organa and was nominated for an award for best screenplay, adapted?
what children's literature work did suzanne collins write?
who was the author of charles darwin and Grant allen?
what is the name of the team that warren moon played for that was later known as the tennessee edibles?
where did bob dylan live that was the filming location of the tv program `` mama's house ''?
where is the government of the republic of seychelles located?
what arabic language speaking country is the birthplace of the fictional character sayid jarrah?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in the united kingdom?
what miley cyrus movie was released to blu-ray disc?
what arabic language speaking country was involved in the iran–iraq war?
what year did arsenal won the league?
what is the venue in sydney with the smallest capacity?
what language is spoken in the area where the newspaper akhbar el-yom is circulated?
who played darth vader in a film with crew member hayden christensen?
where is the currency akãe used?
who is the current president of the circulation area of reference news?
who plays saruman in the film that kennedy was a crew member of?
what is the holy book of the religion founded by muhammad in islam?
what tv show with the smallest number of seasons did joey lawrence star in?
what was the person that marcus vitruvius pollio dedicated his work to?
who influenced antoni gaudí and wrote the story of the glittering plain?
what language do they speak in the place where najdi arabic4 is located?
what is the time zone of the location where the movie `` blue hawaii '' takes place?
what kind of government does the country where the kazakh language is spoken have?
what movie did lucy hale play in that was decorated by lesley beale?
what is the name of the train station where the san francisco 4th and king street station is located?
what liam hemsworth movie was produced by alex proyas?
what jobs did benjamin franklin have?
what language did the subject of the film `` no more smoke signals '' speak?
what type of art did salvador dalí do?
what college did tom brady play for?
who plays boss hogg on the show with the theme song `` the dukes of hazzard ( good ol'boys ) ''?
who is the current senator of the united states senate?
what tourist attraction in new york city is located on Staten island?
what is the name of the organization that bought mushroom group?
where is midlothian and hogwarts?
what public speaker spoke about egalitarianism and influenced whitman whitman?
which united states congress dedicated their work to walt whitman?
what language found in the fictional universe buffyverse is spoken in the bahamas?
who is the governor of the state that held the 2008 united states senate election in tennessee?
who played darth vader in the film with classic FM : star wars suite and other great film music?
what movie written by nicholas sparks did miley cyrus play in?
who was born in côte saint-luc and played kirk?
what language did the fictional character tutankhamun speak?
what team that plays in minneapolis did warren moon play for?
who influenced andy warhol and died in neuilly-sur-seine?
what type of government does dominica have?
what did the actor who played in the movie `` limp bizkit : kool-Aid : kicker some @$$ : unauthorized '' do?
what type of government does gebel elba have?
where did the author of the four fundamental concepts of psychoanalysis live?
who was galileo galilei2's academic advisor?
where does the body of water under chirundu bridge begin?
what currency is used in the country with official symbol of coquí?
which of the exhibition venues in sydney opened most recently?
what form of government is used in both bosnia and herzegovina and russia?
who is the chief justice of the united states?
what type of art was created by the visual artist who created hospital in arles?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper barcelona4 is circulated?
what canadian sports are sponsored by telus?
what continent is the country that contains the second level division lã³sã¡sã¨n?
where does sam shepard live in washington county?
what animation movies has miley cyrus been in?
what kind of philosophy does the taoism text follow?
where does the illinois river run through that has an official symbol of a tiger salamander?
what country with the largest country calling code does the niger river flow through?
what country with the largest country calling code does the niger river flow through?
who wrote the comedy of errors and influenced arthur miller?
which cleveland browns quarterback had the smallest passing attempts?
who is the governor of the state that has a commercial fish as its official symbol?
what type of cancer did the actor who played in the film `` dutch in seven lessons '' have?
what kind of fiction does suzanne collins write?
who influenced whitman?
what language is spoken in the place where the puli breed originated?
who was the governor of the area affected by the great gale of 1848?
what fantasy genre did charles darwin write?
what state has a fossil as its state symbol and is home to littleton?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that have music by nicholas hooper?
what television shows does joey lawrence play in?
what languages are spoken in the place where the malinois breed originated?
what team did the subject of the film cristiano ronaldo0 play for in 2010?
which peer of desiderius erasmus influenced william shakespeare?
what is the earliest published work that charles darwin wrote?
what miley cyrus movie was written by candace bushnell?
where is the birthplace of the sponsor of Covergirl?
what cartoon pornography movies has miley cyrus been in?
what tourist attraction in salt lake city has the largest number of annual visitors?
what currency is used in the country where ridna marka pshenychne weissbier etalon beer is made?
what animation cartoon did alyson stoner play in?
what jobs did benjamin franklin have?
in what united states of america state was the 2010 alaska senate election held?
when did the subject of the movie `` jordan rides the bus '' get drafted?
what peer of michael crichton influenced roy lichtenstein?
what movie directed by elliott glick did miley cyrus play in?
what speculative fiction did emily dickinson write?
when was the last time the new york yankees won the world series?
who is the vice president of the public speaker who spoke about energy development?
which member of the 1864 united states congress influenced whitman?
what miley cyrus movie was nominated for an award with the cast of the whole cast?
what is the name of the actor who played in the film `` johnny kapahala : back on board ''?
in what united states of america state did alaska hold a senate election in 2008?
who was the president of the area affected by tropical depression two-e in 2006?
what is the name of san francisco0?
which of the venues in sydney has the smallest capacity?
what arabic language speaking country is the setting of jojo's bizarre adventure?
what thriller movies has liam hemsworth played in?
what movie produced by alan sacks did alyson stoner play in?
what movies does alyson stoner play in?
what did albert einstein do?
what sports have a midfielder on the roster?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that has the position title vice premier of the people's republic of china?
what is the name of the train station in the place where the fictional character mr. wong lived?
who was the president of france in 2011?
what movie with a prequel named scream 3 did lucy hale play in?
which member of order of st. olav influenced arthur miller?
what movie did miley cyrus play in that was production designed by dennis gassner?
what language is spoken in the country where sinebrychoff kaura beer is made?
what currency is used in the country where the government of ukraine is located?
who plays gavin rossdale in bush?
which tv show starring joey lawrence has the smallest number of episodes?
what german speaking country has radio station vatican radio?
what coming of age movie did lucy hale play in?
what liam hemsworth movie was decorated by lesley beale?
who did braylon edwards pass to?
which speaker spoke about the Fourth joint debate at charleston and influenced whitman whitman?
what currency is used in the country where the ukraineian ukrainian karbovanets is used?
what german speaking country was ruled by christopher of bavaria?
what movies has miley cyrus been in?
what was jonathan swift's most recent religious leader?
what liam hemsworth movie had rob nokes as a crew member?
where did the academic advisor of vincenzo viviani go to school?
what movie was filmed at hamilton and features alyson stoner?
who plays david silver on the program with the theme song `` beverly hills, 90210 ''?
who played darth vader in the film with the soundtrack star wars episode i : the phantom menace?
what amusement park in florida is the place where the fictional universe xanth takes place?
what is the currency of the government of costa rica?
who influenced walt whitman to become a politician and spoke at the third joint debate at jonesboro?
where does the music producer of `` bob dylan6 '' live?
what is there to do in florida with the official symbol of `` in god we trust ''?
who is marriage to the award nominated artist for valencia film festival upstream prize for best actress?
what is there to do in the cuatro vientos neighborhood?
what books did charles darwin write?
what religion in australia was founded by gautama buddha buddhisma?
what are the powers of the parent of coop?
where was the artist nominated for `` how great thou art '' born?
what type of government does the place where tutankhamun lived have?
who is the governor of the state with the motto `` in god we trust ''?
what country does the niger river flow through that exports to the united states of america?
which of the major religions in the united kingdom was founded by sarah?
what language is spoken in the country that has althing?
what currency is used in the country where jamaican english is the official language?
in what state is the oakwood–vaughan neighborhood located?
what is the official language of the governmental body called state administration of foreign exchange?
which member of bush was born in newport?
what language do the navajo indians speak?
what type of government did sparta and portugal have?
what country speaks arabic language and has compatible power plug type c power plugs?
what hotel in dubai has the smallest number of floors?
who plays nadia on the show with the theme song nadia?
who was the first president of france?
what currency is used in the country with official symbol of ceiba pentandra?
what state was ronald reagan governor?
who served as vice president under the president who gave the 2012 state of the union address?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in australia?
what kind of government does russia have?
what movie did lucy hale play in that was production designed by james kennedy?
what year did detroit pistons beat the portland trail blazers?
where did the producer of none0 live before he died?
what liam hemsworth movie was written by nicholas sparks?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country contains the second level division echt-susteren?
who plays chucky in child's play?
where is the circulation area of the newspaper columbine community courier?
what does anderson silva do?
which cleveland browns wide receiver was drafted first?
what movies does the actor who played the character girl at pool play in?
what language family does the fictional universe view askewniverse belong to?
which cleveland cleveland browns quarterback had more than 141 passing attempts?
who were the wives of the public speaker who spoke about the berlin wall?
what team founded after 1967 did reggie bush play for?
what venue in sydney opened after 2007-12-20?
what is the capital of the state that held the us senate election in montana in 2008?
who is the governor of the fictional universe xanth?
who influenced whitman to become a member of the illinois house of representatives?
what type of government did sparta and the Anglo portuguese forces have?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what currency is used in the place where the poltava breed originated?
what killed the actor who played julia biggs?
what team did the subject of the film `` the house of steinbrenner '' own?
who plays saruman in the film that stephen revelous was a crew member on?
what did the speaker in the 2012 state of the union address do?
where does the artist nominated for bob dylan0 live?
what miley cyrus movie was decorated by lydia marks?
what language does the ethnicity group black irish speak?
what is the nationality of the person who said `` yes we can! ``?
what type of government did sparta and the Anglo portuguese forces have?
what countries does the river that flows through nigamey flow into?
what currency is used in the area affected by hurricane jose?
who played darth vader in a film with crew member hayden christensen?
who played the person who said `` william shatner2 ''?
what stop motion movies has miley cyrus been in?
what miami metropolitan area sports team did reggie bush play for?
what was the inauguration date of the person to whom united states congress dedicated its work?
what is the name of the islamic text that was written by muhammad al-bukhari?
what thriller movie did rihanna star in?
who plays jason morgan on general hospital?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion founded by muhammad in islam?
where does bob dylan live that has the position title mayor of minneapolis?
where does joey king live that has a neighborhood called paradise palms?
what league does the team that plays at lucas oil stadium play in?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` the proud and profane '' takes place?
what movie with cinematography by brandon trost did rihanna appear in?
what currency is used in the country where the tunisian dinar is used?
who influenced arthur miller and wrote the two gentlemen of verona?
what form of government is used in the military combatant involved in the battle of kulikovo?
what is the official language of the country where icelandic language is spoken?
where does the body of water under mcclugage bridge flow?
what is the name of the train station where the san francisco 4th and king street station is located?
who plays the mother of the actor who played none0?
what language do chilean people speak?
what team with a halfback did tom brady play for?
who was the president of france in 2011?
what engineered language do australians speak?
what language is spoken in the place that has court of session?
what type of government does the country that has the ministry of justice have?
what movie produced by ben myron did alyson stoner play in?
what television film did lucy hale play in?
who was the president of france in 2011 who held the title of finance minister?
what was the cause of death of the subject of the movie `` 50/50 ''?
who is the vice president of the public speaker who spoke about education reform?
who was the voice of the actor who was born on tatooine?
what movie did miley cyrus play in that was crewed by jane austen?
what did charles darwin write about?
what form of government is used in the place where the araucana breed originated?
what is the nationality of the public speaker who spoke about education reform?
who influenced whitman to become a politician and ended his/her government position after abraham lincoln0?
where is the ottoman turkish language spoken?
what is there to do in the place where the fictional character seattle great wheel6 lived?
what type of government does the place where the cordoba fighting dog originated have?
what country speaks arabic language and has compatible power plug type c power plugs?
what is the capital of the country where the morocco franc is used?
where does bob dylan live in los angeles county?
what did the subject of the film charles darwin6 do?
what tv show with a run time of less than 45 minutes did joey lawrence play in?
which politician, who was appointed after 1854, influenced whitman to become a politician?
what year did the houston rockets beat the orlando magic for the championship?
who shot the actor who played in the movie `` recognition of the japanese zero fighter ''?
what movie did liam hemsworth play in that was nominated for an award with the description `` katniss everdeen ''?
where is littleton located that produces coors light beer?
what language is spoken in the place where the shetland sheepdog originated?
what languages are spoken in the country where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is made?
what team does the subject of the film `` cristiano ronaldo0 '' play for?
where did the author who published editions for laura ingalls wilder2 live?
who is the governor of the state with supreme court of florida?
what is the holy book of taoism?
what country speaks arabic language and was the subject of the film twelve disciples of nelson mandela?
who was the u.s. attorney for the northern district of georgia?
who plays balthazar in bush?
what type of government did sparta and manuel i of portugal have?
who was the first president of france?
what currency is used in the country that was involved in the battle of kulikovo?
what are the state senators of the place where none0 lived?
where did the politician appointed by paul von hindenburg die?
who is the current leader of the governmental body called china0 of the people's republic of china?
where is the ocean that contains lilliput and Blefuscu?
what languages are spoken in the country that contains the second level division corfu?
what hotel in dubai has the smallest number of floors?
when was the last time the team that plays at oriole park at camden yards won the world series?
what did charles darwin write?
who played darth vader in the film that jake lloyd was a crew member of?
what country did the governor general of the province of canada rule?
what are the two houses of representatives of missouri?
what country speaks arabic language and has compatible power plugs type f?
what children's literature books did suzanne collins write?
what is the capital of the state with an official symbol of nymphalis antiopa?
what is the capital city of the state where brahma bock beer is made?
what language is spoken in the country with nassau as its capital?
what currency does the niger river flow through?
the country that has the argentina national anthem has what type of government?
what language is spoken in the country that uses the chilean peso?
which of the two major religions in the united kingdom follow the bible?
where is the giza Necropolis located that contains the cairo governorate?
what is the mascot of the organization led by nicholas s. zeppos?
where is the university of south carolina located in the utc−05:00:00 time zone?
where did the person with the medical condition brain death live?
where did james dean live?
what country speaks arabic language in the central time zone?
who is the president of the country with national anthem himno nacional mexicano?
who was drafted by the team with mascot named chomps?
the country with the national anthem hatikvah is located in what continent?
what are the basic beliefs of the religion that uses the sharia0?
what are some fun things to do in the location that has rick scott as a government official?
what language do the navajo people speak at the none0?
what league does the team that won the super bowl xli play in?
what country where zola levitt presents was filmed speaks arabic language?
what is the time zone in the state with honolulu county as its capital?
what amusement park in florida has a governmental office holder named jeb bush?
the country that contains krasnodar krai has what type of government?
where is the headquarters of the organization led by rupert stadler?
the country that contains magallanes y la antartica chilena region has what type of government?
who is the president of the country with qaumi taranah as its national anthem?
what movie did rihanna star in that has a character named kat graham?
where is the giza Necropolis located in the eastern european time zone?
what league does the team owned by jim irsay play in?
what did the person who once lived in galileo galilei2 do?
what team owned by serena williams did reggie bush play for?
what is the mascot of the educational institution with the yale herald newspaper?
what is the currency of the country with tunisian dinar as its capital?
who is the current president of france?
what form of government is used in the country that uses the argentina peso?
the country that contains cartago province is located in what continent?
what type of music does the artist who had a concert tour named michael jackson6 sing?
who is the governor of the state with tallahassee as its capital?
where does sam shepard live in the utc−05:00:00 time zone?
what continent is the country that uses the costa rican colón located in?
who inspired the person who once lived at 1342 lexington avenue?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem himno nacional mexicano?
what did the person who attended state elementary school menteng 01 do?
what language spoken in indonesia is also found in the fictional universe buffyverse?
what tv show with the smallest number of seasons did joey lawrence star in?
what is the earliest structure to open on Staten island?
what time zone is the governmental jurisdiction that has the position title mayor of new orleans in?
what country speaks welsh and was the birthplace of robert darcy, 4th earl of holderness?
where did the actor who played in man-up! go to school?
what state did joe biden represent?
what kind of government does fiji have?
what currency is used in the country where the chicomuceltec language is spoken?
what kind of fantasy does the harry potter film series fall under?
where did the speaker at thomas jefferson 1801 presidential inauguration die?
what west germanic languages do japanese speak?
who is the current president of france?
what year did detroit pistons win the championship with a score of 4-1?
what is the time zone in the area where the honolulu record newspaper is circulated?
where does the artist nominated for `` sam shepard0 '' live?
what movie did lucy hale play in that was edited by anthony kennedy?
what is there to do in the location where the film `` the passenger '' takes place?
what team that plays at century link field did warren moon play for?
what is the capital of the country where morocco arabic is spoken?
what killed the actor from whitney houston : the greatest hits?
what is nicolas cage son name?
where is the currency kuruş used?
what form of government is used in the circulation area of the newspaper aurora de chile?
when was william howard taft sworn into office?
what educational institution headquartered in cambridge did caroline kennedy attend?
when was abraham lincoln sworn into office?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that have a sequel named harry harry and the chamber of Secrets?
who was the first president of the country where gull terrier originated?
where does sam shepard live with the nominal gdp currency of the united states dollar?
what type of government does canada, where emanuel lasker was born, have?
what movie directed by seth rogen did rihanna appear in?
who influenced arthur miller and said `` first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers. ``?
who influenced william godwin and influenced arthur miller?
what is jack london famous for?
what country borders bolivia and was the birthplace of the fictional character paddington bear?
which north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has the smallest country calling code?
where is giza nephrophes located that has an army of more than 678000?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship with a score of 4-0?
what currency is used in the country where santa fe beer factory luna llena beer is made?
what type of cancer did the actor who played jo stockton die of?
what is there to do in seattle wa?
which countries speak arabic language and have an army of less than 10000?
what movie did alyson stoner play in that has costumes designed by lesley beale?
what is the latest structure to open in dubai?
what movie did liam hemsworth play in that was cast by jane austen?
what miami dolphins team did reggie bush play for?
what language spoken in indonesia is also found in the fictional universe the tortall universe?
what school in new york city did caroline kennedy go to?
who is the president of the country where the chihuahua originated?
what type of government is used in japan and austria-hungary?
on what continent is israel located?
what currency is used in the country where falcon beer is made?
who was the governor of florida in 2010?
what movie produced by brian goldner did rihanna play in?
what language is spoken in the united kingdom and kenosha?
what walt disney pictures production did alyson stoner play in?
what form of government is used in the location where the film `` argentina0 '' takes place?
who influenced whitman?
what is the zip code for the location where the movie `` inglewood0 '' takes place?
what movies produced by 20th century fox did alyson stoner play in?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the politics of sweden is located?
what airport is closest to the circulation area of the cornell progressive newspaper?
who is the president of the area affected by cyclone mexico?
what countries speak arabic language and were involved in the military conflict of the six-day war?
what instrument does the artist award nominated for béla fleck and the flecktones play?
what team founded after 1960 did tom brady play for?
what other languages are spoken in the country where picard is spoken?
what are the names of the harry potter movies that feature the song magic works?
what is the nationality of the subject of the film barack obama anak menteng?
which artist, nominated for the golden globe award for new star of the year – actor, influenced and inspired andy warhol?
what currency is used in the area containing the second level division cartago?
what are the names of the harry potter movies directed by fiona weir?
which author dedicated their work to lady windermere's fan influenced whitman?
where is the supreme court of israel located?
what year did arsenal won the league?
what tourist attraction in salt lake city has the largest number of annual visitors?
what movie did rihanna star in that was produced by mandate pictures?
what continent is the country where the israeli lira is used?
what movie about a dog did miley cyrus star in?
what language is spoken in the place where the icelandic sheepdog originated?
which member of bush was born in crawley?
what team sponsored by iberdrola does santi cazorla play for?
what is the nationality of the person who said `` yes we can! ``?
what is the name of the train station in the location where the movie `` san francisco 4th and king street station '' takes place?
who plays stewie griffin's voice on family guy?
what is the name of the main train station in the city where anchor steam beer is made?
where does the person who said `` none0 '' live?
what language is mainly spoken in great britain but also in indonesia?
what currency is used in the country where the south african pound is used?
what to do in seattle wa?
where did the fictional character juliet van heuson live that héctor camacho also lived?
what type of government does canada and the kingdom of prussia have?
what peer of fredrich Wilhelm joselling influenced whitman whitman?
what kind of music does michael jackson sing?
where did the actor who played in the film `` wimbledon 2007 final : federer vs. nadal '' grow up?
who played the character that was born in none0?
who appointed abraham lincoln to his governmental position and influenced whit Whitman?
who is the governor of the state with official state sport fish as its official symbol?
what is the time zone where the reef triggerfish is an official symbol?
what is the author of `` jonathan swift0 '' famous for?
what german speaking country has the government of germany?
where does joey king live that has a county named clark county?
where is the headquarters of the organization that acquired ingolstadt?
what catholic is the current senator of maryland?
what movies in the hunger games series did liam hemsworth play in?
where is midlothian located that uses the pound sterling?
what country does bolivia border that contains nova roma?
what movies did the artist nominated for awards for miley cyrus0 star in?
where is the birthplace of the sponsor of circuit city?
what country is the government of alaska located in?
what movie did julie andrews write that was nominated for an award with the description `` queen lillian ''?
who was john f. kennedy's girlfriend that had a romantic relationship with rose loomis?
what was the job of the speaker at the march on washington for jobs and freedom?
in the film the dukes of hazzard : the beginning, who played boss hogg?
what did the actor who played in the film the best of donna summer : the DVD collection die of?
what killed the music producer of whitney : the greatest hits?
what movie did lucy hale play in that was produced by marianne maddalena?
who did braylon edwards pass to?
what tourist attraction in salt lake city has the largest number of annual visitors?
what is the name of the main train station in the place where the fictional character chloe king lived?
where is the giza Necropolis and the setting of jojo's bizarre adventure?
what are the official languages of the country with leo belgicus as its official symbol?
what is there to do in sydney with kids?
who is the voice of lois griffin on the program with the family guy theme song?
what language spoken in indonesia is also found in the fictional universe the tortall universe?
what languages are spoken in the place where the araucana breed originated?
what is the title of chief justice of the united states?
what state has the earliest adapted governmental jurisdiction location symbol and is home to littleton?
what language with code xloj is spoken in australia?
what sports did richard mateelong play?
what is the time zone of the area affected by tropical storm fabio?
where is midlothian located that has the scottish government?
what language, found in the fictional universe the tortall universe, did native american indians speak?
what south african province is home to johannesburg?
which member of the episcopal church was marriage to elizabeth taylor?
what is the author of dreams from my father famous for?
who influenced both gérard desargues and walt whitman?
what movie produced by universal studios did rihanna play in?
what is the earliest published work written by charles darwin?
what is the nationality of the public speaker who spoke about energy development?
what currency is used in the circulation area of social-demokraten?
what currency is used in the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is made?
what is the name of the taoism text that was influenced by mozi?
who played darth vader in a film with crew member hayden christensen?
which cleveland browns draft pick started his career the earliest?
what major religion in canada has ali as a notable figure?
what is the nationality of the person who went to noelani elementary school?
what type of government does the country with the capital of bamako have?
who held his governmental position from january 3, 1987 and are the two current maryland senators?
what currency is used in the country where jamaican english is the official language?
who is the vice president of the person who once lived in the white house?
what country uses the renminbi as currency and speaks tibetan?
what united kingdom religion has the shulchan aruch text?
what is the nationality of the artist who had a concert tour named believe tour?
who is the head coach of the team with a mascot named poe?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem la borinqueña?
what did the famous person who went to harrogate college do?
what team with mascot named k. c. wolf did warren moon play for?
what arabic language speaking country has baghdad as its capital?
where is the governmental jurisdiction that has margrethe ii of denmark located?
where is the country that uses the sultani as currency?
the country that contains moscow has what type of government?
what is the nationality of the person who attended state elementary school menteng 01?
where did laura ingalls wilder live in the mountain time zone?
what are the basic beliefs of the religious text sunnah?
who is the current president of the country that uses renminbi as its currency?
what country speaks arabic language in the central time zone?
who is the brother of the famous person who went to william o. schaefer elementary school?
what team did tom brady play for that won the super bowl xxxviii championship?
where is the country with the capital of dalkeith?
who is the president of european unionropean parliament 2011?
what did the person who went to pontiac central high school do?
where is the oral fixation tour artist from?
when was the last championship won by the team owned by jerry buss?
what language is spoken in the country where the bride with white hair was filmed?
what team with mascot named galatasaray s.k. did didier drogba play for?
where is the country with the capital of istanbul?
what is the holy book of the religion with notable figure zhuangzi?
who plays chucky in child's play?
where is the giza Necropolis located and the location of cairo?
people from the country that has the national anthem afghan national anthem speak what languages?
what type of music does the artist who had a concert tour named this is it tour play?
what language is spoken in the country that has taoyuan county?
where did roger moore live?
who did the cleveland browns draft?
what team with a mascot named viktor the vikings did warren moon play for?
where is midlothian and the birthplace of the fictional character jack osborne?
what is there to do in the location that appointed ana Botella to a governmental position?
what are the names of the harry potter movies directed by lucinda thomson?
what are the official languages of the government of belgium?
what are the official languages of the government of belgium?
what writer contributed to the story of metamorphoses and influenced william shakespeare?
what team does the actor who played in the film `` golden shoes '' play for?
who was influenced by philip sidney and prompted william shakespeare to write poetry?
on what continent is the newspaper seychelles nation circulated?
what languages are spoken in the country where the tamaskan dog originated?
what building in dubai has the largest number of floors?
where did the visual artist who created the art series three musicians live?
what currency is used in the area where the newspaper la dépêche tunisienne is circulated?
who influenced arthur miller and was influenced by william hazlitt?
what movies did the subject of the image `` this is the end '' star in?
who influenced both antoni gaudí and bauhaus?
what movie with the song safe & sound did liam hemsworth play in?
who played leia organa in none0?
when did the actor who played in the film nfl : super bowl xxxix get drafted?
what language is spoken in the jurisdiction that has a governmental body called china0 of the people's republic of china?
what is there to do in salt lake city that was established after 1909-07-31?
what is the ethnicity of the actor who played in the movie `` the wizards return : alex vs. alex ''?
where does the actor who played in the film `` bob dylan2 '' live?
what currency is used in the place where the cubalaya breed originated?
what school attended by caroline kennedy has the latest founding date?
where did sam shepard live that has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after 1970?
what is the zip code for the location where the movie `` price of glory '' takes place?
where did the author of the Wealth of nations grow up?
what other movies has the actor who played none0 played in?
what thriller movie does liam hemsworth play in?
in what county is the minnesota daily circulated?
what is the name of the main train station in the circulation area of san francisco call?
what is there to do in the location where the movie `` a hobo's christmas '' takes place?
what languages are spoken in the place where the formosan mountain dog breed originated?
what did donna summers die of?
what countries does the niger river flow through?
where did the author of sidereus nuncius go to school?
what movie produced by ally entertainment did lucy hale play in?
what did the person who said `` let us do or die '' do?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` the treasure of the sierra madre '' takes place?
what attraction is located at 1301 second avenue in seattle, wa?
what state was the person who said `` yes we can! `` governor of?
what year did arsenal won the league?
who is the current president of the governmental body called state administration of foreign exchange?
what language is spoken where the scottish government is located?
who is the current president of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd. zhujiang beer is made?
in what county is the newspaper arbeitets ridder circulated?
what countries does the country where none0 beer is made border?
what type of government does the president of fiji have?
what religion practiced in australia was featured in the work siddhartha?
what eastern berber languages language do egyptians speak?
what is the name of the harry potter prequel?
who is the current leader of the country where the communist party of china is located?
what movie did liam hemsworth play in that was also a crew member of michael kennedy's family?
what is the nationality of the person who said `` yes we can! ``?
who is marriage to scarlett johansson?
what did the actor who played nicole sims die of?
who plays piter de vries in child's play?
what movies has the actor that played the character tinker bell0 been in?
what country did the subject of the film `` victoria the great '' rule?
what country with the largest army is home to giza necropolis?
what killed the artist nominated for an award for `` i'm your baby tonight ''?
what did the author of `` the world as i see it '' do?
what united states of american movies has liam hemsworth played in?
what is there to do in the area where the newspaper el liberalism is circulated?
what language belonging to the language isolate family do guyana speak?
what was the cause of death of the reich governor?
what tv show with a run time of less than 45 minutes did joey lawrence play in?
what is the state capital of the state with official symbol of gold and silver?
which president influenced whitman to become a writer?
what is there to do in barcelona that was opened after 1907?
who was the executive producer of none2 and played kirk?
what is the latest film that lucy hale has been in?
what stop motion movie did lucy hale play in?
what movie directed by francine maisler did rihanna appear in?
who is the brother of the author of `` notes from my travels ''?
which senator was marriage to elizabeth taylor?
who did elizabeth taylor marriage?
what is the earliest film that alyson stoner has been in?
what is barack obama famous for?
who was john f. kennedy's wife that also starred in o. henry's full house?
who inspired the creator of the art series of cars?
who influenced arthur miller and wrote a doll's house?
what year did the sponsored by circuit city win gold?
what building in seattle has the smallest number of floors?
what movie directed by aaron haye did rihanna play in?
where is the beginning of the river that flows through sesheke?
what year did the houston rockets win the championship with a score of 4-3?
what movie directed by avy kaufman did lucy hale play in?
what language is spoken where the greek drachma is used?
where does héctor camacho live that is owned by peter minuit?
what movie produced by kevin williamson did lucy hale play in?
what language is spoken in the country where sinebrychoff karan iii beer is made?
what movie did lucy hale play in that was production designed by gae s. burley?
what language do they speak in the country with power plugs type bs 546?
who was john f. kennedy to?
what do they speak in taiwan?
what movie about alien invasion did rihanna star in?
who is the governor of the state with the tennessee supreme court?
what team does santi cazorla play for that has a goalkeeper on its roster?
what religion influenced arthur schopenhauer and is practiced in australia?
who played darth vader in a film with crew member hayden christensen?
what jobs did benjamin franklin have?
which of the venues in sydney has the smallest capacity?
what movies have the lyrics written by miley cyrus?
where does the actor who played in the movie `` joey king0 '' live?
who was the president of france before nicolas sarkozy0?
what major religion in the united kingdom is the subject of the movie `` Lies my father told me ''?
what time zone is the area affected by hurricane iwa?
what did charles darwin write?
who influenced the person who said `` a good newspaper is a nation talking to itself. ``?
what form of government is used in the country that uses the argentina peso ley?
what type of government does the country where cerveza colonos del llanquihue lager premium artesanal beer is made have?
what american football players did the cleveland browns draft?
what type of music does the composer of `` michael jackson6 '' sing?
what movie did alyson stoner play in that was production designed by shepherd frankel?
which member of the 1854 united states congress influenced whitman?
what school with headquarters in new york city did caroline kennedy go to?
what did the academic advisor of albert einstein6 do?
who is the president of the location where the movie `` frida '' takes place?
who was born in bartlesville and started the afl?
what is there to do in the place where the fictional character niles crane lived?
what are the names of the harry potter movies produced by 1492 pictures?
who is the president of france?
what liam hemsworth movie was produced by gaumont film company?
what liam hemsworth movie has the trailer http : //youtu.be/0bdzwrw6hna?
what character does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what is the author of `` jonathan swift0 '' famous for?
on what continent would you find the country that speaks plautdietsch?
what country speaks arabic language and has compatible power plugs type f?
what language, found in the fictional universe buffyverse, do guyana speak?
who is the governor of the area affected by cyclone florida?
who played james t. kirk?
where did the author of `` poor richard's almanac of 1735 '' live?
what body of water is under the port jackson bridge in sydney?
what currency is used in the area affected by hurricane otto?
who plays claire in the multipart episodes the end?
who were adolf hitler's parents?
what is the holy book of the religion that worships jade emperor?
what movie was lucy hale in that john edgar park was a crew member of?
where did the creator of las meninas live?
what is the best place to visit in barcelona?
who plays zoolander in bush?
what type of government did the place where doric greek is spoken have?
which player drafted by the cleveland browns completed more than 60 passes?
who played the parent of david marcus?
what country did james cook come from that speaks norn language?
where did the film stand by me take place?
who influenced arthur miller and also influenced henrik wergeland?
who played darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith?
what language did guyana speak?
what is the official language of the country where hungarian is spoken?
